data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rapidpayload                                  RapidPayload
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/rapidpayload.desktop           RapidPayload
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/rapid_payload/icon.png                      RapidPayload
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/rapid_payload/payload.py                    RapidPayload
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/LICENSE                   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/README.md                 candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/1E64_notepad.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/1password.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/2EF4_wordpad.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/5961_Defunct_x86.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/7596_iexplore.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/7z.svg      candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/7zip.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/97C1_wordpad.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Alacritty.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/AppImageLauncher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Appium-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Appium.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Blender.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/BurpSuiteCommunity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup32.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Darktable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/FB4C_iexplore.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/GMail-mail.google.com.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/GitKraken.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/GnomeBaker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/JavaFXSceneBuilder2.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Musescore.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nextcloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nocturn-linux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Nocturn.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Openbroadcaster.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Pithos.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtIcon.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-designer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/RSS_feeds.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/SUSEgreeter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Sci48M.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ScudCloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Spotify.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Stacer.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/TeamViewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Termius.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/VBox.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/YACReader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/YACReaderLibrary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Yuna.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/Zoom.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/abrt.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-archiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-calculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-camera.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-character-map.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-dictionary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-ebook-reader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-screenshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/accessories-text-editor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/activity-log-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/addressbook.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/aegisub.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/agenda.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/akregator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/alacarte.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/alarm-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/alsamixergui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/altyo.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/android-studio-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/android-studio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/androidstudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/anjuta.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/anki.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/antimicro.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/app.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/apparmor_view_profile.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-balena-etcher-electron.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-beekeeper-studio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-bitwarden.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-conky-logomark-violet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-draw.io.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-ferdi.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-franz.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-github-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-gmail-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mellowplayer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mscore-portable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-odio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-rclone-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-stacer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-standard-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-teams-for-linux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-tutanota-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-unityhub.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-vnote.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appimagekit-wire-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appium-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/appium.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applets-screenshooter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-fonts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-games.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-internet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-java.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-multimedia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-office.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-other.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-python.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-utilities.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/applications-webbrowsers.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/apport-gtk2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/apport.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ar.com.tuxguitar.TuxGuitar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/archive-mounter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/archiver-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/archivermanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/arcolinux-hello.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino-icon-small.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino-ide.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/arduino.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ark.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/artha.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/asounder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/assistant.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/assistant5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/asunder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/athena.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/atom.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/atril.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audacious.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audacity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audex.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audio-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audiobook.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/audoban.applet.playbar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/autokey.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/avidemux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/azuredatastudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/badge-small.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/balena-etcher-electron.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/baloo.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/baobab.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/barrier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bash.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/basket.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bcompare.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/beekeeper-studio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bijiben.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bitwarden.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bleachbit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/blender.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/blivet-gui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueman.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueradio-48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/blueradio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth-48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth-radio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetooth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bluetoothradio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/boot.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bottles_winetricks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/brackets.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/brasero.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/brave.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/browser-tor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bt-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bug-buddy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/bumblebee.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/burp.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/byzanz.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ca._0ldsk00l.Nestopia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cacao-oj9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cairo-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/caja-dropbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calc.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-ebook-edit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-gui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calibre.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/california.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligragemini.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakarbon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakrita.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrakrita2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplanner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligraplanwork.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrasheets.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrastage.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/calligrawords.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/camorama.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cantata.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/catfish.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cc.arduino.arduinoide.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/charles-proxy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/charpic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/checkgmail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cheese.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cherrytree.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chmsee-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-jgeocpdicgmkeemopbanhokmhcgcflmi-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chromium-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/chromium.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/citrix-receiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ckb-next.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clamav.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clamtk.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator-light.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/claws-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clementine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clion.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clipit-trayicon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cliq.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/clock.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cmake-gui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cmake.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cockos-reaper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/code-insiders.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/code-oss.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/code.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/codeblocks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/codium      candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/color-picker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/colors.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.azuredatastudio.oss.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_edit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.lrfviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.deepin.ScreenShot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.discordapp.Discord.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.dropbox.Client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.endlessnetwork.tankwarriors.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.getferdi.Ferdi.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Terminix.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Tilix.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.IsmaelMartinez.teams_for_linux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.PintaProject.Pinta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.bitseater.weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.calo001.fondo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.dahenson.agenda.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.debauchee.barrier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.donadigo.eddy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.fabiocolacio.marker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.geigi.cozy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.hluk.copyq.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.johnfactotum.Foliate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.notejot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.palaura.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.maoschanz.drawing.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.rssguard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.timecraft.notifier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.xournalpp.xournalpp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.tiledmenu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.todolist.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.ColinDuquesnoy.MellowPlayer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.giuspen.cherrytree.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gnome.Software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.gnome.software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.google.AndroidStudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.hamrick.VueScan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.CLion.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.DataGrip.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.GoLand.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Community.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Ultimate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PhpStorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Community.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Professional.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.Rider.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jetbrains.WebStorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.jgraph.drawio.desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.mattermost.Desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.meetfranz.Franz.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.microsoft.Teams.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.musixmatch.Musixmatch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.netease.CloudMusic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.notepadqq.Notepadqq.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.obsproject.Studio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.orama_interactive.Pixelorama.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.skype.Client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.slack.Slack.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.spotify.Client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.sublimetext.three.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.teamspeak.TeamSpeak.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.transmissionbt.Transmission.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.tutanota.Tutanota.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.unity.UnityHub.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.valvesoftware.Steam.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.insiders candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wire.WireDesktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.etmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.kprometheus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.pdfmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wppmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wpsmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/com.xamarin.MonoDevelop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/computer-log-out.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/computerjanitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/config-date.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/configure-debian.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky-logomark-violet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/conky.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/copyq.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cqcb.plasma.webslice.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cryptfolder-indicator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cryptkeeper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-bluetooth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-date-time.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-desklets.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-details.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-firewall.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-fonts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-network.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-power.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-privacy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-tiling.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cs-user-accounts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cuckoo.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cumulus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/customdesktopmenu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cutter.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/cypress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/darktable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/datagrip.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/date.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dayfolder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dbeaver-ee.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dbeaver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dconf-editor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.Shortwave.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.gradio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deadbeef.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-plymouth-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/debian-swirl.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-appstore.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-boot-maker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-calculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-deb-installer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-emacs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-font-installer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-game-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-image-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-multitasking-view.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-note.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-picker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-scanner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-screen-recorder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-screenshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-software-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-system-monitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deepin-terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deja-dup.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/deluge.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/designer5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dhcpcd.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dia.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dictionary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/digikam.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dino.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/diodon.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord-canary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord-ptb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/discord.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-burner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-usage-analyzer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/disk-utility.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/diskmonitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-alpine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-antergos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-antix.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archbang.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archlabs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archlinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-artix.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-bunsenlabs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-debian.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-deepin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-elementary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-fedora.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-freebsd.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-kali-linux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-linux-mint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-opensuse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-pop-os.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-budgie.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-studio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-void.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dnfdragora.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dockx.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/docky.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/document-open-recent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/document-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/documentation.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dosbox.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/drakmenustyle.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/draksec-mdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/draw.io.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/drawio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/dropbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/easytag.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eclipse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eddy.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/edile.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/edit-find.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/edu.mit.Scratch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron4.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electron9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/electronic-wechat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/elisa.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-24.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-25.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-nox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs-snapshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs24.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/emacs25.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/engrampa.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/enpass.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eog.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eom.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ephoto.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-gecko.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany-webkit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epiphany.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/epulse.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eradio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/etcher-electron.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/etcher.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppPlex.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evince.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-memos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution-tasks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/evolution.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/exaile.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/exfalso.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/falkon.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fceu.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fceux.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fcitx.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fcitx_ubuntukylin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedora-logo-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedora-release-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fedy.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/feedreader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ferdi.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fiddler.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/figma.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-archiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-roller.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/filelight.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/filezilla.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-3.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-3.5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-4.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-beta-bin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-bin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-default.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-edition.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-developer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-esr.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-gtk3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-mozilla-build.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-nightly.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-original.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox-trunk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firefox3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/firewall-config.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/flameshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/flegita.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/florence.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/font-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fonts.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/footnote.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fr.free.Homebank.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fr.handbrake.ghb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/franz.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/freecad-daily.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/freecad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/freeplane.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/freetube-bin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/freetube.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fritzing.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/fritzing_icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/galculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/galeon.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcbalculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcleaner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gcolor3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gdebi.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gdmap_icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/geany.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/geary.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gedit.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/geeqie.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gemini.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ghex.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ghostwriter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gimp-2.10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gimp.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/girl.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gis-weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/github-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gitkraken.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/glade-3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/glade.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/glipper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/glippy.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/glrp.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-notify-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail-plasmoid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmail.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmailwatcher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gmusicbrowser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-abrt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-audio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-baker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-books.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-boxes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-calculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-character-map.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-characters.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-clocks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-color-chooser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-contacts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-control-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-debian.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-dictionary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-disks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-documents.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-emacs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-encfs-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-gmail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-gmenu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-hideseek.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-info.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-internet-radio-locator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-internet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-logout.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-logs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-menu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mines.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mixer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-monitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-mpv.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-multi-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-nettool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-nettools.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-network-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-networktool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-note.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-paint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-pdf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-photos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-planner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-power-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-remote-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-screenruler.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-screenshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-search-tool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-searchtool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-halt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hibernate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session-suspend.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-session.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-set-time.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-font.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-shutdown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-recorder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-status.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-system-log.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-todo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-tracker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-tweak-tool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-video-arcade.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-volume-control.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-warning.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-web-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-web.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-word.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnome-xterm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnomeradio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnote.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnupg.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gnuradio-grc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/goa-account-owncloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/goa-account-twitter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/godot.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/goland.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/goldendict.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-chrome.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/google-webdesigner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gparted.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpaste.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpick.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpicview.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gpodder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gradio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gramps.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gscan2pdf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gsmartcontrol.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gstreamer-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtg.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gthumb.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk-recordmydesktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk-redshift.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk3-widget-factory.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtk4-widget-factory.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkam-camera.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkcord.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gtkhash.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/guake.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/guayadeque.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gufw.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/guvcview.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gvfsd-archive-file.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gvim.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/gwenview.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hb-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/help-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/help-info.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hexchat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/higan.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/homebank.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hotwire.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hourglass.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hp_logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hplip.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/htop.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hwbrowser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hwinfo.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/hyper.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ibus-setup.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/icedove.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/idea-ultimate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/idea.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.pidgin.Pidgin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.riot.Riot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/im.srain.Srain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/image-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/imagewriter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/in.p1x.TanksOfFreedom.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-keylock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-privacy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-sound-switcher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-stickynotes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-virtual-box.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/indicator-weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/info.mumble.Mumble.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/inkscape-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/inkscape.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/insomnia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/instantbird.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ce.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-community.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ue-bundled-jre.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ultimate-edition.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea-ultimate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij-idea.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/intellij_idea.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-archive.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-feed-reader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-news-reader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/internet-web-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.atom.Atom.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.atom.electron.BaseApp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.brackets.Brackets.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.elementary.code.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.freetubeapp.FreeTube.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Celluloid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Hexchat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.OpenToonz.svg.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.Pithos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.celluloid_player.Celluloid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.github.wereturtle.ghostwriter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.lbry.lbry-app.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.lmms.LMMS.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/io.neovim.nvim.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/irc-chat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/iso-image-burn.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/istanbul.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/itch.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.6.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.7.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-10-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-11-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java-12-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java10-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java11-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/java9-openjdk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/javaws.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jdownloader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-clion.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-datagrip.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-goland.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-phpstorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-pycharm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-rider candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-toolbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jetbrains-webstorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/joplin.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jstest-gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/juffed.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/juk.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/jupyterlab.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/k3b.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kaddressbook.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kaffeine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kali-reporting-tools-trans.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kalu.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kamerka.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kamoso.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/karbon.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kate.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kazam.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kbugbuster.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcalc.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kchmviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcolorchooser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kcoloredit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdbg.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdeconnect.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdenlive.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdepim-dropbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdevelop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdf.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdiskfree.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kdoubanfm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kedit.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/keepassxc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/keyring-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfind.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfm.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kfontview.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kget.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kgpg.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kicad.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kid3-qt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kid3.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kile.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kimtoy.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kipi-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kipi.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kitty.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kleopatra.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/klipper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmag.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmail.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmenuedit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmines.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmix.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmousetool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmouth.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kmymoney.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/knemo.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/knetwalk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/knotes.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kodi.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/konsole.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/konsolekalendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kontact-import-wizard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kontact.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/konversation.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/korg-journal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/korg-todo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/korganizer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kphotoalbum.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kradio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kradio4.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/krdc.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/krita.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/krudio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kruler.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/krunner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kscreengenie.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ksnapshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ksysguard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktip.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktnef.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktorrent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ktouch.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kube-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kvantum.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwalletmanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwikdisk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/kwrite.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/latte-dock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lazarus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lbry.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/leafpad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/library-internet-radio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/librecad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-startcenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice34.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-startcenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/liferea.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lightbeat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/linguist.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/linguist5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/linphone.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/livepatch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lmms.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/logisim-icon-128.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/logisim-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/logview.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/logviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lollypop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lrfviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lubuntu-software-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_terraria.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lutris_war-thunder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lximage-qt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lximage.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/lxterminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mail-client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mailnag.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mailspring.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/makehuman.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/makehuman_bg.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mandrivaupdate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/manjaro-welcome.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/manjaro.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/martchus.syncthingplasmoid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-disk-usage-analyzer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-indicator-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-netspeed-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-network-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-panel-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-panel-window-menu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-power-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-sticky-notes-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate-system-log.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mate.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/matepalimpsest.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/matlab-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/matlab.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mattermost-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mattermost.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/maya.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/media-player-48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/medit.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mednafen.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mega.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/meld.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mellowplayer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mendeley-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mendeleydesktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/menu-editor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/menulibre.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mess.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/messenger.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/micropad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/minecraft-launcher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/minecraft.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintinstall.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintreport.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintsources-keys.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintsources-mint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintstick.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintupdate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mintwelcome.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mixxx-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mixxx.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mongodb-compass-community.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mongodb-compass.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/monodevelop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mousepad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mozilla-firefox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mozo.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mplayer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mps.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mpv.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mscore-portable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mscore.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mugshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mullvad-vpn.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multibootusb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-audio-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-video-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multimedia-volume-control.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multipass.gui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem-liveusb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem-vbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multisystem.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/multitasking-view.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mumble.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/muondiscover.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mupdf.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/musescore.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/musixmatch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mygpo.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mypaint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/mysql-workbench.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nemiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nemo.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nestopia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.ankiweb.Anki.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.poedit.Poedit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.atanks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.btanks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.liferea.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.xournal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/netbeans-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/netbeans.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/netease-cloud-music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-defaultroute.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-firewall.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/network-idle.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nextcloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nicotine-plus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nl.g4d.Girens.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nmap.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nocover.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nocturn.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nomacs.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/noson.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/notepad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/notepadqq.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/notes.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/notion-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ntfs-config.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nut-monitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_plex.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_spotify.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-310-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvidia.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/nvim.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/obs.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ocenaudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/octave.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/odio.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-addressbook.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/office-date.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/okular.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/onlyoffice.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openbroadcaster.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-11.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openjdk-9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openlp.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openscad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/openterm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera-developer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/opera.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle-javaws.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle-sqldeveloper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/oracle_java9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/orage.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/orage_globaltime.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.apache.netbeans.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.audacityteam.Audacity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.avidemux.Avidemux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.blender.Blender.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.clementine_player.Clementine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.codeblocks.codeblocks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.communia.ttrssPocket.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.cryptomator.Cryptomator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.daa.NeovimGtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.darktable.Darktable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron2.BaseApp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron3.BaseApp.svg.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron4.BaseApp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.freeplane.App.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.fritzing.Fritzing.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gabmus.gfeeds.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gabmus.gnome-feeds.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.geany.Geany.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gimp.GIMP.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Books.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Boxes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Characters.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Cheese.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Clocks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Contacts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Documents.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Eolie.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Evince.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Extensions.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Fractal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.GHex.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Games.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Geary.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Glade.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Gnote.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Logs.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Mines.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Photos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Polari.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Rhythmbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SimpleScan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Todo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Totem.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Yelp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.baobab.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.bijiben.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.books.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.cheese.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.clocks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.documents.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.eog.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.epiphany.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gThumb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.games.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gedit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ghex.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.lollypop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.meld.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.photos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.polari.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.seahorse.Application.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.todo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.totem.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.tweaks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.application.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.godotengine.Godot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gpodder.gpodder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.gtkhash.gtkhash.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.jdownloader.JDownloader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.archUpdate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofmonth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofweek.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.discovernotifier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.elisa.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdeconnect.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.knetwalk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.krita.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.plasmoid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.milou.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.networkMonitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitypager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.advancedradio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.awesomewidget.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.bluetooth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.date.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.eventcalendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.gmailfeed.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.katesessions.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.keyboardindicator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.lock_logout.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontrollercompact.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediaframe.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.multimediacontrols.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.qalculate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showactivitymanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systempanel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.webbrowser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.popupLauncher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.redshiftControl.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.resourcesMonitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.shutdownOrSwitch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kde.weatherWidget.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.kicad_pcb.KiCad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.base.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.calc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.draw.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.impress.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.math.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.startcenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.writer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.libretro.RetroArch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mixxx.Mixxx.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.musescore.MuseScore.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.musicbrainz.Picard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.mypaint.MyPaint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.nextcloud.Nextcloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.octave.Octave.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.openscad.OpenSCAD.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.phoenicis.playonlinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.remmina.Remmina.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.shadowsocks.qt5client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.signal.Signal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.telegram.desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.texstudio.TeXstudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.tuxpaint.Tuxpaint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.videolan.VLC.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.vim.Vim.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.wireshark.Wireshark.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/org.zotero.Zotero.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/osmo.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/p7zip.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/package_games_arcade.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/packet-tracer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/palaura.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/palimpsest.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-aur.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-manager-install.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac-updater.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pamac.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pan.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/parcellite.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/parole.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/partitionmanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/password-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/password.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/passwords.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pavucontrol.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pcloud.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pcsx2.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/peek.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pencil.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgAdmin4.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pgadmin4.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/phonon-gstreamer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/photoqt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/phpmyadmin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/phpstorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/picard.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pick-colour-picker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pidgin.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pinta.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pithos.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pitivi.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pix.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pixelorama.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plan.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plank.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/planner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/planwork.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasma-desktop-search.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasma-search.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plasmadiscover.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/playonlinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plex-media-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plex.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexhometheater.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexmediamanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plexmediaserver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/plv.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/poedit.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/polari.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-os-logo-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-os.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop-shop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pop_os.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/popcorn-time.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/popcorntime.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/postman.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/postscript-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-bluetooth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-certificates.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-composer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-personal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-search.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-kde-connect.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-firewall.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power-management.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy-housekeeping.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-search.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-tabbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-time.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-move.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-system.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pulseeffects.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/putty.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-community.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-education.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm-professional.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/pycharmedu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/python.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/python2.7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/python2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/python3.8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/python3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qalculate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qbittorrent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qdirstat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-aarch64.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-arm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-i386.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-x86_64-spice.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu-system-x86_64.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qemu.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qimgv.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qjoypad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qlipper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt-creator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt.svg      candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt4-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt4logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qt5-logo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreator_logo_32.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtcreatorubuntu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qterminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtlogo.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qtoctave.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/quire.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/quiterss.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/quodlibet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qv4l2.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/qvidcap.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/radio.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/radiotray-ng-on.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/radiotray.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rambox.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rclone-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rdm.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/record-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/recordmydesktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redhat-web-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift-gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift-icon-256.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshift.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/redshiftgui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/relay.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/remmina.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/repository.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/resolve.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/retroarch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/revelation.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rg.gnome.Boxes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rhythmbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rider.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/riot-web.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/riot.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ripperx.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ristretto.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/robo3t.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rosa-imagewriter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rosamp.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rss_indicator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssguard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssnow.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rssowl.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rstudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/rubymine.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sc-controller.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scratch2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/screengrab.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon-32x32.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/screenruler.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus-ng.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus-trunk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scribus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/script-error.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/scudcloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/seahorse-preferences.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/seahorse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/searchmonkey.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/selinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/setroubleshoot_icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/shadowsocks-qt5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sheets.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/shotwell.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/showfoto.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/shutter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/signal-desktop-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/signal-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/simplenote.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/simplescreenrecorder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/skanlite.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/skype.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/skypeforlinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/slack.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sleep.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/smartcode-stremio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-properties-mint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-store.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-update-available.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software-update-urgent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-debian.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-ubuntu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/softwarecenter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sonata.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/soundconverter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/soundkonverter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spacefm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spectacle.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-48x48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-512x512.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spotify.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spyder.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/spyder3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sqldeveloper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stacer.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stage.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/standard-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-antergos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-archlinux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-debian.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-fedora.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-linux-mint.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-manjaro.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-opensuse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-pop-os.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/start-here-ubuntu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam-launcher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_105600.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_236390.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steam_icon_404790.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/steampowered.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sticky-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_keyring.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_task.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_view-details.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stock_xfburn.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stoplight.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/strawberry.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/stremio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/studio.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text-2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text-3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime-text2.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublime_text.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sublimetext.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk5.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk9.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre10.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sweeper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sweethome3d.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/sylpheed.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthing-gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthing.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/syncthingtray.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-config-date.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-config-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-error.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-hibernate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-lock-screen.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-log-out.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-reboot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-restart.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-search.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-shut-down.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-shutdown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-software-update.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-suspend-hibernate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-suspend.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/system-users.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tastyworks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tdewalletmanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/teams-for-linux.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/teams.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamspeak.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamspeak3.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/teamviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/telegram-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/telegram.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminal-tango.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/terminix.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/termius.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/terraria.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/texmaker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/texstudio.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/text-editor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thinkorswim.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunar.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-3.0.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/thunderbird.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tigervnc.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tilda.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tilix.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/time.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/timeshift.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/todo.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tomboy.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tools-report-bug.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser-en.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser-ru.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tor.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/torbrowser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/totem.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tracker.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission-gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission-qt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/transmission.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tutanota-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tuxboot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tuxguitar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/tv.kodi.Kodi.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/twitter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/typora.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-cleaner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-kylin-software-center.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-logo-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-mate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntu-qtcreator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ubuntusoftware.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/uget-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/uget.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ukuu.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ulauncher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/umbrello.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unetbootin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-datetime-panel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-lens-photos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-power-panel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-sound-panel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-gmail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/unityhub.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/update-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/update-notifier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/us.zoom.Zoom.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator-gtk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator-kde.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/usb-creator.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/usbguard-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-energy-monitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-file-archiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-log-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-system-monitor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/utilities-tweak-tool.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/uxterm.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/variety.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/veracrypt.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/veracrypt.xpm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/video-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/viewnior.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vim-qt.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vim.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vimlogo.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vinagre.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/virt-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/virt-viewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/virtualbox-ose.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/virtualbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code-insiders.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-beta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-snapshot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi-stable.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vivaldi.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vlc.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmnetcfg.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-netcfg.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-player.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware-workstation.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vmware.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vnote.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vokoscreen.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vscodium.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/vuescan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/war-thunder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-classic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-current.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/waterfox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wcm.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/weather-widget.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/web-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/web-google-gmail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/webbrowser-app.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/webcamoid.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/webstorm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/weechat.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp-nativefier.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsapp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/whatsdesk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/winds.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wine-notepad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/winetricks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wire-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wire.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wireshark.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wordpad.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/words.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-etmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-kprometheus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-pdf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-pdfmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-wppmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office-wpsmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-etmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-kprometheus.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-pdfmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wppmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wpsmain.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/www-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/x-pdf.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xar.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xarchiver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchat-gnome.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchat.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xchm-48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xclipboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xed.svg     candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xedit.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfburn.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfcalendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-edit.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mount.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-newmail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-schedule.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-system-info.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-system-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-terminal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce-unknown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-appfinder.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-clipman-plugin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-clock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-dict.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-indicator-plugin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-mcs-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-menueditor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-mixer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-netload-plugin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-panel-menu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-power-manager-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-system-lock.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce4-weather.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfce_unknown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfpm-suspend.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-hibernate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-logout.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-reboot.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-shutdown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xfsm-suspend.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/ximian-evolution-calendar.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xmms.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xournal.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xournalpp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xpad.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xpdf.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xplayer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xreader.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xsane.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xterm-color.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xterm-color_48x48.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xvidcap.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/xviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yakuake.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-checkmedia.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-disk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-firewall.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-hardware.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-host.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-inetd.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-iscsi-client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-kerberos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-network_services.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-nis.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-ntp-client.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-online_update.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-powertweak.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-proxy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-release-notes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-remote.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-scanner.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-security.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-software.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-sw_source.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-timezone.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-vendor.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yast-vm-install.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yumex-dnf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yumex.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/yuna.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zanshin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zathura.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zeal.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zen-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zenmap.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zoom-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zoom-icon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zoom.svg    candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zotero.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/apps/scalable/zsnes.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/battery.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk-root.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-harddisk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-multidisk.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-multipartition.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-optical.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-partition.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/drive-removable-media.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/input-keyboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/input-mouse.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/media-optical.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/network-rj11-female.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/network-rj45-female.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/phone.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/devices/scalable/smartphone.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/icon-theme.cache          candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/index.theme               candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/bookmarks.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/edit-copy.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-activities.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-add.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-black.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-blue.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-bookmark.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-brown.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-cloud.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-cyan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-development.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-documents-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-documents.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-download-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-download.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-downloads-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-downloads.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-favorites.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-gdrive.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-green.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-grey.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-important.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-locked.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-magenta.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-mail.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-music-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-network.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-open.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-orange.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-picture-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-picture.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-pictures.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-print.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-publicshare.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-red.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-remote-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-script.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-sound.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-tar.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-temp.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-templates-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-templates.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-text.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-videos-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-videos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-violet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder-yellow.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/folder.svg      candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/globe.svg       candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/mail-folder-sent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/mail-message.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/network-server-database.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/network-server-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/network-server.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/network-workgroup.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/start-here-kde.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-desktop-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-home-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-home.svg   candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-full.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-trash-symbolic.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/16/user-trash.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/cs-desktop.svg  candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-documents.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-download.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-games.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-music.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-pictures.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-publicshare.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-recent.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-templates.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder-videos.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/folder.svg      candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/gtk-directory.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/inode-directory.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/places/48/user-desktop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/XrendrMixer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/access.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility-directory.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/accessibility_section.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/amarok_change_language.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-education-language.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-graphics.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/applications-interfacedesign.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/ax-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/background.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/bell.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/beryl-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/com.github.zren.presentwindows.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/computer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/config-language.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-backgrounds.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-cat-appearance.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-color.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-display.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-language.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-notifications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-printer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-region.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-screen.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-themes.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-universal-access.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-user.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cs-windows.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/cups.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/disper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/display-capplet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-color-manager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-display-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-panel-window-list.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-settings-background.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-settings-theme.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gnome-windows.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/grandr.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gsd-xrandr.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/gtk3-icon-browser.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/help-faq.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/icons.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kaccess.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kali-p0f.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kjobviewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/klettres.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/knotify.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/kpersonalizer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/ksmserver.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/locale.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/lokalize.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/lookswitcher.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-ax-applet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-notification-properties.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-panel-notification-area.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-panel-window-list.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/mate-preferences-desktop-display.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/metacity.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/notifyconf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/obconf.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/openoffice4-printeradmin.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/orca.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notifications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/org.xfce.notification.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/package_graphics.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/plugin-notification.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-color.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-applications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-color.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-display.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-icons.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-locale.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-notifications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-user.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-devices-printer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-login.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-network.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-notifications.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-system-windows.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-theme.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-tweaks-shadows.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/preferences-wallpaper.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printer1.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printersandfax_q4os_startmenu.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/printmgr.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/proxy.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/q4_netcon.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/randr.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/resapplet.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/simple-ccsm.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-config-display.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-config-printer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/system-lock-screen.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/tdenetworkmanager.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/unity-color-panel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/unity-display-panel.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/window-duplicate.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/window_list.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/wmtweaks.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce-ui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-backdrop.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-color-settings.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-display.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-notifyd.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfce4-ui.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/xfdashboard.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-device-tree.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-lan.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-language.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-network-group.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preferences/scalable/yast-printer.svg candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/candy-icons/preview/candy.png         candy-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/COPYING                mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/checkbox-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/checkbox.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/close-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/close-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/close.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/corner-ripple.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/menu-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/menu-solid.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/menu.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/submenu.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/toggle-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/toggle-on.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/assets/trash-icon.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/cinnamon.css  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/cinnamon/thumbnail.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/activities.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/background.jpg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/dash-placeholder.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/more-results.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/noise-texture.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/view-app-grid.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/window-close-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/window-close-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/assets/window-close.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/color-pick.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-double-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-drag-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-primary-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-secondary-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/eye-not-looking-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/eye-open-negative-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-caps-lock-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-enter-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-hide-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-layout-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-shift-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/message-indicator-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/no-events.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/no-notifications.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/pad-osd.css mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gnome-shell/process-working.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/apps.rc        mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-separator.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pathbar_button_active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pathbar_button_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-active-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/gtkrc          mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/main.rc        mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar.rc mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/panel.rc       mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css   mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css        mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/index.theme            mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close.png   mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/close_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu.png    mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade.png   mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/thumbnail.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/plank/dock.theme       mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/plank/hover.theme      mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/close-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/left-active.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/themerc          mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/COPYING               mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/add-workspace.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/checkbox-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/checkbox.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/close-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/close-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/close.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/corner-ripple.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/menu-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/menu-solid.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/menu.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/radiobutton.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/submenu.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/toggle-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/toggle-on.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/assets/trash-icon.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/cinnamon.css mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/cinnamon/thumbnail.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/activities.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/background.jpg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-left.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-arrow-right.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/dash-placeholder.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/more-results.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/noise-texture.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/view-app-grid.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/window-close-active.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/window-close-hover.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/assets/window-close.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/color-pick.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-double-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-drag-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-primary-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/actions/pointer-secondary-click-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/eye-not-looking-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/eye-open-negative-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-caps-lock-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-enter-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-hide-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-layout-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/keyboard-shift-filled-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/icons/scalable/status/message-indicator-symbolic.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/no-events.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/no-notifications.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/pad-osd.css mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gnome-shell/process-working.svg mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/apps.rc       mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down-small.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-down.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-left.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-right.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up-small.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/arrow-up.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-focus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-border.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-focus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-disable.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/down-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-disabled.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-active-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-border-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-bg.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-disabled-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/focus-line.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-end.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-gap-start.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-h.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/inline-toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/line-h.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/line-v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-arrow.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-separator.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar_button.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/menuitem.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/minus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-gap-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/pathbar_button_active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/pathbar_button_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/plus.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar_v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-insensitive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insens.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/slider.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-bottom-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-top-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-active-hover.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar-button-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/toolbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/tree_header.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-progressbar_v.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-horiz.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-scrollbar-vert.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-disable.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background-rtl.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/assets/up-background.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/gtkrc         mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/main.rc       mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/menubar-toolbar.rc mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/panel.rc      mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-2.0/xfce-notify.rc mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-3.0/gtk.css       mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-3.0/gtk.gresource mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/index.theme           mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/close_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/maximize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu.png   mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/menu_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/metacity-theme-1.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/metacity-theme-2.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/metacity-theme-3.xml mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/minimize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade.png  mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/shade_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/thumbnail.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unmaximize_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_focused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_focused_normal.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_focused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_focused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/metacity-1/unshade_unfocused_pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/plank/dock.theme      mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/close-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/close-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/close-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/close-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/hide-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-prelight.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/menu-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/shade-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/stick-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/themerc         mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-1-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-2-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-3-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-4-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-5-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/top-left-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/top-right-active.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/WhiteSur-light/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png mac-themes
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/00000000000000020006000e7e9ffc3f oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/00008160000006810000408080010102 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/03b6e0fcb3499374a867c041f52298f0 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/08e8e1c95fe2fc01f976f1e063a24ccd oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/1081e37283d90000800003c07f3ef6bf oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/3085a0e285430894940527032f8b26df oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/3ecb610c1bf2410f44200f48c40d3599 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/4498f0e0c1937ffe01fd06f973665830 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/5c6cd98b3f3ebcb1f9c7f1c204630408 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/6407b0e94181790501fd1e167b474872 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/640fb0e74195791501fd1ed57b41487f oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/9081237383d90e509aa00f00170e968f oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/9d800788f1b08800ae810202380a0822 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/X_cursor    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/a2a266d0498c3104214a47bd64ab0fc8 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/alias       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/all-scroll  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/arrow       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/b66166c04f8c3109214a4fbd64a50fc8 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/bottom_left_corner oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/bottom_right_corner oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/bottom_side oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/cell        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/center_ptr  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/circle      oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/closedhand  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/col-resize  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/color-picker oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/context-menu oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/copy        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/cross       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/crossed_circle oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/crosshair   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/d9ce0ab605698f320427677b458ad60b oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/default     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/dnd-copy    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/dnd-move    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/dnd-no-drop oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/dnd-none    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/down-arrow  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/draft       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/e-resize    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/e29285e634086352946a0e7090d73106 oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ew-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/fcf21c00b30f7e3f83fe0dfd12e71cff oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/fleur       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/forbidden   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/grab        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/grabbing    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/h_double_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/half-busy   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/hand        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/hand1       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/hand2       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/help        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ibeam       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/left-arrow  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/left_ptr    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/left_ptr_help oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/left_ptr_watch oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/left_side   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/link        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ll_angle    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/lr_angle    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/move        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/n-resize    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ne-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/nesw-resize oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/no-drop     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/not-allowed oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ns-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/nw-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/nwse-resize oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/openhand    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/pencil      oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/pirate      oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/plus        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/pointer     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/pointing_hand oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/progress    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/question_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/right-arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/right_ptr   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/right_side  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/row-resize  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/s-resize    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/sb_h_double_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/sb_v_double_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/se-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size-bdiag  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size-fdiag  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size-hor    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size-ver    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size_all    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size_bdiag  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size_fdiag  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size_hor    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/size_ver    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/split_h     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/split_v     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/sw-resize   oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/text        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/top_left_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/top_left_corner oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/top_right_corner oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/top_side    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ul_angle    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/up-arrow    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/ur_angle    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/v_double_arrow oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/vertical-text oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/w-resize    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/wait        oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/watch       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/wayland-cursor oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/whats_this  oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/x-cursor    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/xterm       oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/zoom-in     oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/cursors/zoom-out    oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/oreo_blue_cursors/index.theme         oreo-blue-cursors-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/CVnamespace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/Finished.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/accept_time_event.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/activity-fork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/actor.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/add.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/adjusthsl.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/adjustrgb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/animation-stage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/answer-correct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/answer.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/approved.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/archive.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow-up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/arrow.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/artistictext-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/as.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/as_disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/as_light.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-off.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-on.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/auto-type.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/back.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/beamerblock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/beamerframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bell.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bibtex.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bigskip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blurfx.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/blurimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmarks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/borderpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bottom.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/box.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-diff.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/brightnesssettings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/burst.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/button_ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/bwtonal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cab_view.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cache.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/call-stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/callout-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/camera-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cancel.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cards-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cd.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cell_edit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cell_layout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/checkbox.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/checkmark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/choice-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/class.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/clock.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_search.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/collapse.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colorfx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colorneg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/compass.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/component.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure_kile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure_project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/connector-avoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/connector-ignore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/connector-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/contents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/contrast.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/convert.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cookies.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/createpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cross-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cvc-about.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cvc-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cvc-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cvc-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/cvc-info.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/datatype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-run.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/delete.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/device.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/diag_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/diag_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-no.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dirsync.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/displaymathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dissociatecell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distortionfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/down.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/download.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-ellipse-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-ellipse-chord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-ellipse-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-ellipse-whole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-mirror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-path.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-star.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-trace-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-use-pressure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-use-tilt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dvipng.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dvips.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-bomb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-copy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-delete-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-map.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-mark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-redo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit-undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editclear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editcopy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editcut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editor.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editpaste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/editpath.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/edittext.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/ellipse-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/emph.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/end_of_life.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/end_state.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/entry-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/enum.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/enumerate.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/equalizer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/error.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/exifinfo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/exit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/expand.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/favorite.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/favorites.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-chn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-skk.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filefind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filegrep.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-artist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filenew.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fileopen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fileprint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filesave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/filmgrain.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/find.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fitbest.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fitheight.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fitmanual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fitsize.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fitwidth.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag-blue.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag-red.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flag.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/flatten_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fm-icons.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fm-new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fm-thumbs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/font-face.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/font-size-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/font-size-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/footsteps.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/fork.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/formula.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/forward.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/freerotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gcr-gnupg.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gearhead-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/globe.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-column-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-link-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-row-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-bottom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-down.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-first.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-jump.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-last.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-left.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-next.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-right.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-today.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-top.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/go-up.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gohome.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gpg.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gpgsm.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gps.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gradient.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/graphics.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/grid-axonometric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/group-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/group.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-tag.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtg-work.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-about.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-apply.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-bold.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-clear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-cut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-edit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-file.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-find.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-go-up.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-index.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-info.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-no.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-open.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-paste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-print.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-quit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-save.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-stop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-yes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/guides.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hand.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-edit.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-source.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hb-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/help.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hide_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hide_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hidemouse.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/highlight-pointer-spot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hint.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/history.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hotpixels.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/hypnotoad.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/icon_radio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/icon_tag.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/icon_user.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/identity.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-aim.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-google.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-icq.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-irc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-jabber.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-msn.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-nov.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-qq.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-skype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-user.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-yahoo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/inbox.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/indicator-notification-close-deselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/indicator-notification-close-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/initial_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/inpainting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/insertcell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/interactive_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/interface.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/irc-voice.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itemize.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/key-enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/key_enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kfm_home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kittens.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmousetool_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmousetool_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kruler-north.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_advanced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_mw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-chunks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-magnet.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/kt-upnp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/label.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/languages.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lastfm-neighbour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lastfm-personal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lastfm-recommended.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lastfm-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lens.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/license.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/link.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/location.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lock.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/love.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/loved_radio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lpi-bug.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lpi-help.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-forward-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-move.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-read.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-send.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-sent.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/makeidx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/manga.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/map-flat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/map-globe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/math0.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/math2.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/math7.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/math9.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mathmode.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/measure.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/media-write-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/medskip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/menu_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/merge.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mesh-gradient-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mic-off.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mic-on.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mic-ready.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/milestone.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/modified.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/mpost.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/msgid2msgstr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/multirow.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/next.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/no-marker.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/no.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/nocover.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-join.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/note.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/notifications-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-stroke-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-blur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-paint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/object_node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/off.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/offline-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/offline.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/oilpaint.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/ok.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/on.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/online.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/open-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/outbox.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/output_win.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pack-less.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pack-more.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/package.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/page-zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-gradient-conical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-gradient-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-gradient-mesh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-gradient-radial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-swatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pan-down.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pan-end.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pan-start.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pan-up.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pane-hide.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pane-show.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/paperclip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mode-bspline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mode-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-grow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-repel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-roughen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pattern.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pdftex.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pentagon-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/perspective-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pgp-keys.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/photo.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pipe.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/plugins.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/pointer.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/practice-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/practice-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/practice-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-desktop-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/presence_away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/presence_offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/presence_online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/presence_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preview.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preview_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/preview_sel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/previous.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project_archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project_rebuild.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/project_show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/projectgrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/qa.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/qlipper.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quick.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickopen.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickview.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/quickwizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/raindrop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/randomize.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rating.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/ratiocrop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/record.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rectangle-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/redeyes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/refactor.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/refreshstructure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/region.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/relation.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/relationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reload.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reload3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/remove.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reply-all.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reply.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resizecol.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resizerow.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/retweet.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/reverse.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/revert.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rime-im.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/roll.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-build.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-clean.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/scriptnew.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/scriptopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/search.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/select.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/selection.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/send-to.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/services.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/set-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/settings.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shallow-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shapes.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shear.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shoot.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/show_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/shuffle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sidebar.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/slanted.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/smallskip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-page.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/snap.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/social.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sort-name.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sort_incr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/source-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/source-smart-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/speaker.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/specific-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spiral-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/split.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spray-mode-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spray-mode-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spray-mode-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/spreadsheetshape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/star-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/star-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/star-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/starred.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/start-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/start.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Particle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Rope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/step_object_Stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_cut.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_no.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_not.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_yes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stop.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/strong.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/structure.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/subsystem.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbol-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbol-bigger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbol-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbol-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbol-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/symbols.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-lock-screen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-save-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/table.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag-reset.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tag.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/task-due.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/task-new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/template.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-wiki.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text-wrap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_outer_style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/texture.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/toggle_vp_y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/toggle_vp_z.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_pen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tool_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/top.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/torrents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transfers.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/transsearch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/trim-margins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/trim-to-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-message-found.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-message-lost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbr-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/undo.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/unlock.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/up.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/url-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/usecase.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/user_purple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/verb.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/verbatim.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/vertical.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-bank.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-dual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-form.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-list.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-more.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pages-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-sort.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_fit_to_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_icon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/view_tree.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/viewbib.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/viewimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/viewlog.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/viewps.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/vinyl.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/vm_new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-pin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window-unpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/wizard_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/wizard_pdftools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/wizard_pstools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/wizard_tabular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-clementine-albums.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-shade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-unmaximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-unshade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xfce-wm-unstick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/y-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zone-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zone-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-draw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-in-x.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-in-y.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/actions/zoom.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/edit-paste.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/help-about.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/onboard.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/reload.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/security-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/starred.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/apps/system-run.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-headphones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-headsets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-input-microphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/audio-speakers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/battery.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-cellular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-handheld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-handsfree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-loudspeaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-pointing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman-smart-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/blueman.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/bluetooth.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/camera-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/camera-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/camera-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/camera.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/computer.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/cpu.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/display.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/drive-virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/gnome-phone-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-dialpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-gaming.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/input-touchpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/ipodtouchicon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/joystick.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/keyboard.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-modem-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/laptop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-cdr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-dvd.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-flash-memory-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-flash-smart-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-memory-sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-blu-ray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-cd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-dvd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-recordable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/media-tape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/modem.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-U2-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-U2-monochrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-gold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-pink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-silver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-monochrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/multimedia-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-rj11-female.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-rj45-female.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wired-activated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wired-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/network-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/phone-nokia-n900.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/phone-palm-pre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/phone.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/printer-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/printer-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/printer.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/scanner.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/smartphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/stock_cell-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/system.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/tablet.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/uav-quadcopter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/7zip.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/android-package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-acad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-archive-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-atom+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-autocad_dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-clariscad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-dicom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-dxf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-epub+zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-illustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-json.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-mac-binhex40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-mimearchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-msonenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-msoutlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-msword-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-msword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-octet-stream.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pgp-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pgp-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pgp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-mime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkcs7.mime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkcs7.signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkix-cerl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-pkix-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-postscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-ram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-relaxng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-rss_xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-rtf-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-sxw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.apple.mpegurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.comicbook+zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.cups-pdf-banner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-access.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.cal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.visio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.doc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.docx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dotx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.potx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.ppt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pptx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.wps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.wpt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xltx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-7z-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-acad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-addon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-applix-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-audacity-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-autocad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-brasero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-bzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-cda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-chm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-class-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-compress-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-cpio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-cue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-dgn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-egon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-executable-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-extension-fcstd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-extension-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-flash-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-bdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-dos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-framemaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-libgrx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-linux-psf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-pcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-snf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-speedo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-sunos-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex-tfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-type1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-font-vfont.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gba-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-glabels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-glade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gnome-theme-package-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gnumeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gtk-builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gunmeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-gzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-img.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-iso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-it87.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-jar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-java-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-java-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-jokosher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-k3b.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kcachegrind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-keepass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kformula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kgetlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kontour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kplato.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kvtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-kword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lhz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lyx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lzma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lzop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-lzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-m4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-macbinary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-marble.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-matroska.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-mimearchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-mplayer2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-msdownload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-msi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-mswinurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-mswrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-musescore+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-musescore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-n64-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-nes-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-nzb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ole-storage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-pak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-partial-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-pem-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-plasma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-python-bytecode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-qet-element.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-qet-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-qtiplot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-quattropro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-rdata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-sami.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-shared-library-la.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-sharedlib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-siag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-sif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-skg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-skgc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-source-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-srt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-srtrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-subrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-tarz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-tex-gf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-tgif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-theme-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-troff-man.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-tzo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-webarchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xliff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xpinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xz-pkg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-xzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-zerosize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x-zoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-x.object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xmind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xsd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/application-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/archive.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/ascii.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-aac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-ac3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-midi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-mp3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-mpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-prs.sid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-adpcm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-aiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-it.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-mp3-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-mpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-mpegurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-scpls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-wav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-xi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio-x-xm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audio.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/audiobook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/binary.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/blank-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/book.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/cad.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/cd.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/color.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/contact.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/contents2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/deb.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/decrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/divx.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-illustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-photoshop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/draw.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/drawing-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/emblem-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/empty.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/excel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/exec.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/folder_tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font_bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font_truetype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/font_type1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/fonts-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/formula.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gedit-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gif.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-killustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++hdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gnome-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/gtk-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/html.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-gif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-jpeg2000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-png.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-tiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-vnd.dgn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-vnd.djvu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-vnd.dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-3ds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-adobe-dng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-emf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-eps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-portable.bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-tga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-win-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-win-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image-x-xfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/image.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/info.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/internet-feed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/jpeg.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/jpg.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/libreoffice-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/mail.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/media-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/media-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/message-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/message-partial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/message-rfc822.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/message.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/mime-ascii.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/misc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-fcstd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-vnd.dwf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-vrml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-x.stl-binary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-x3d+binary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-x3d+vrml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-x3d+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model-x3d.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/model.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/multipart-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/music.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/none.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/odf.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/office-contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/office-document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/office-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/office-illustration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/office-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openoffice3-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/opera-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/opera-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/package-gdebi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/package-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/package.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/package_editors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/pdf.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/plan.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/plasma.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/podcast.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/pplication-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/presentate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/print.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/radio.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/rar.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/raw.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/rpm.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/rss.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/script.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/sound.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-c-plus-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-h.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-p.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-pl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-smart-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/source-ui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/stock_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/svg.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/tar.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/tcl.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/tex.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-c-sharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-c.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-csv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-dockerfile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-enriched-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-enriched.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-html_alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-htmlh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-mathml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-mht.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-rdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-richtext-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-richtext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-sgml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-sqml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-troff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-vnd.abc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-adasrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-apport.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-authors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-bak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-bibtex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-c++.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-c++hdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-c++src.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-chdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-cmake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-copying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-cpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-credits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-csrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-dtd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-generic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-go.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-haskell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-hex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-java-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-katefilelist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-kotlin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-ldif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-lilypond.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-lua.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-lyx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-makefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-meson.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-microdvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-nfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-objchdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-objcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-opml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-pascal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-patch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-po.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-python3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-qml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-r.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-readme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-rpm-spec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-rsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-sass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-scala.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-scss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-ssa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-tcl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-texinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x-xslfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-x.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-xmcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/text2.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/tgz.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/torrent.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/trash.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/txt.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/txt2.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/unknown.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-mms.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-mmst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-mmsu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-pnm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-rtspt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/uri-rtspu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/vcard.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/vector.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-mlt-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-mp2t.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-quicktime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-vivo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-wavelet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-webm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-anim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-flic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-flv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-javafx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-matroska.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-mng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-msvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-nsv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-sgi-movie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-theora+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video-x-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/video.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/viewbib.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/viewdvi.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/viewhtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/viewpdf.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/viewps.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-hdd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-ova.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-ovf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-vdi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-vhd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/virtualbox-vmdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/word.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/wordprocessing-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/wordprocessing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/www.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-content-blank-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-mail-distribution-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-media-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-address-book1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/x-world-x-3dmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/xml.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/mimetypes/zip.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/QMPlay2-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ac-adapter.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/account-logged-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/airplane-mode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/akonaditray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/anatine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/anatine-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/antimicro-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ao-app-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/application-running.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/applications-chat-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/applications-email-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audacious-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-output-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-output-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-recorder-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-recorder-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-recorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/audio-volume-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/autokey-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/autokey-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/avatar-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bad-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/banshee-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-caution-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-caution-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-empty-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-good-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-low.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-medium-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery_charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/battery_plugged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bitcoin-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bitwarden-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueberry-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueberry-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/blueman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bluetooth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bomi-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/both-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/btsync-gui-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/bumblebee-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/calibre-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/camera-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/camera-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cantata-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/caps-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/caps-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cisco-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/classicmenu-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/clementine-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/clipboard.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/clipman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cloudstatus.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/connect_creating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/connect_established.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-error.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-insync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-paused.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync1.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync3.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync4.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync5.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync6.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync7.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-sync8.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copy-update.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copyq-busy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/copyq-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/crow-translate-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cryptfolder-open-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/cryptkeeper.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/deadbeef-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/deluge-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/desktopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/desktopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/desktoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dialog-password-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dino-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dino-status-chat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dino-status-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dino-status-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/diodon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray-deafened.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray-speaking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/discord-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/disper-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-blank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/dropboxstatus-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/electron-mail-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-extended-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/empathy-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/enpass-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/everpad-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/exaile-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/exaile-play.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/face-smile-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-rime-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-skk-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-wbpy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/feedindicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/firewall-applet-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/firewall-applet-panic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/firewall-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/flameshot-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/flareget-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fluxgui-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/franz-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/franz-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/fusion-icon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gitter-indicator-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gitter-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/glipper.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gmail-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gmail-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gnote-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/goldendict-scan-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/goldendict-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/good-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-no-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-chrome-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-hangouts-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-music-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpaste.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-inhibit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-monitor.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpmdp-tray-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gpmdp-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/grive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gsm-3g-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gtg-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/guake-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/guake-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/guitarix-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/haguichi-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/haguichi-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/haguichi-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/haguichi-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/haguichi-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hangouts-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hangouts-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hangouts-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hangouts-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/harmony-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hexchat-fileoffer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hexchat-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hexchat-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hexchat-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/high-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hipchat4-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hipchat4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/hp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/idle-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-cpufreq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-feedindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-fortune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-lunar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-messages-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-notification-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-notification-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-rss-aware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-case.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-chip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-fan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sensors-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-sound-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-stardate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-trashindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-virtual-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/indicator-workspaces-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-caps-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-touchpad-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/input-touchpad-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-feed.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-synced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/insync-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/irc-channel-joined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/irc-channel-parted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/jdownloader-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/joplin-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/kaku-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/kazam-countdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/kazam-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/kazam-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/kazam-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassx-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassx-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassxc-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassxc-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassxc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keepassxc-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keybase-badged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keybase-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keybase-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keybase-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/keyboard-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-modem-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/krb-expiring-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/krb-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/krudiotray-light-off16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/krudiotray-light-on16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ladi-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ladi-starting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ladi-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptop-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptop-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptop-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptopattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/laptoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/liferea-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/liferea-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/livewallpaper-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/lookit-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/low-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/lyricfier-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mailspring-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mailspring-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/manjaro-settings-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/manjaro-welcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/megalogging.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/megapaused.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/megasynching.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/megauptodate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/megawarning.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mellowplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/messenger-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/messenger-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-off.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-on.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-ready.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mic-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/minetime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mini-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mintupdate-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mintupdate-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mintupdate-installing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mintupdate-updates-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mnotify-none-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/motrix-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/motrix-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mouse-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/msd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mstdn-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvad-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvadg.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvadr.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mullvady.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mumble-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/museeks-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/museeq-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/museeq-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/mynotes-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-3g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-4g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-cellular-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-vpn-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-vpn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wired-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wired-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wired-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-hotspot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/new-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nitroshare-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nixnote2-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-adhoc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-device-wwan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-mb-roam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-no-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-secure-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-0-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-0.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-00-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-100-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-25-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-50-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-75-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-signal-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-3g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-4g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-lte.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-tech-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-vpn-lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nm-wwan-tower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/no-signal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nomachine-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nomachine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/notes-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/num-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/num-lock-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-oops-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-paused-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nylas-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/nylas-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/obs-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/obs-tray.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/octopi-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/octopi-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/octopi-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/octopi-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/odrive-tray-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/odrive-tray-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/odrive-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/onboard-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/onboard-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/onboard.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/openbazaar-system-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-indicator-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-indicator-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-tray-intel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-tray-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/overgrive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pamac-tray-no-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pamac-tray-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pcloud-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pcloud-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pcloud-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pcloud-sync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pcloud-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/persepolis-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/phone-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pia_tray_connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pia_tray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pia_tray_disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pidgin-tray-xa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pithos-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pithos-tray-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoneapp-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoneapp-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoneapp-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-start-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pomodoro-stop-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/popcorntime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pragha-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/prime-hybrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/prime-intel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/prime-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/process-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/process-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/process-syncing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/process-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/process-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/protonmail-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/protonmail-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/psensor_hot.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/psensor_normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/pushbullet-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qbittorrent-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qbittorrent-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qelectrotech-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qjoypad-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qnapi-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qomp-pause-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qomp-play-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qomp-stop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-event.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtox-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/qtpass-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/quota.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray-ng-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray-ng-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/radiotray_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rambox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rambox-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rclonetray-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/receiving-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/record-desktop-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/redshift-status-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/redshift-status-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/remmina-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/remote-folder-sync-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/remote-folder-sync-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/remote-folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rescuetime-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rescuetime-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rhythmbox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rhythmbox-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rhythmbox-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/riot-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rocketchat-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreak0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreak1.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreak2.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreak3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreak4.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rsibreakx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/rto-proxy-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/safeeyes_disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/safeeyes_enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/screencloud-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/screencloud-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scroll-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scroll-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/scudcloud.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/security-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/security-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/security-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/sflphone-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/sflphone-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/sflphone-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/shutter-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/si-syncthing-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-100.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-25.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-50.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-75.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/signal-unread-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-away-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connected-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connecting-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-disturb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-offline-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/skype-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/slack-indicator-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/slack-indicator-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/slack-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphone-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphone-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphone-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphoneattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphoneconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphonedisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smartphonetrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/smplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/solaar-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/solaar-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/spotify-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/start-here-manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/start-here.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-error.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-pause.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-sync.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/state-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/steadyflow-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/steam_tray_mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-cloudy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-fog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-night-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/stock_weather-sunny.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/strawberry-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/strawberry-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/synapse-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/synergy-panel-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/synergy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-10.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-20.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-30.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-40.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-50.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-60.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-70.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-80.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/syspeek-90.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-devices-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-devices-panel-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-devices-panel-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-devices-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-file-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-restart-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/system-shutdown-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tablet-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tablet-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tabletattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tabletconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tabletdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tablettrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teams-for-linux-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teams-tray-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teams-tray-noactivity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/teamviewer-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/telegram-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/telegram-mute-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/telegram-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/thunderbird-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/todo-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tomahawk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tomboy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/touchpad-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmission-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/transmitting-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tray-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tray-new-im.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tray-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/trimage-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tusk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tvconnected.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tvdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/tvtrusted.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/twitch-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ubuntuone-client-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/uget-tray-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/uget-tray-downloading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/uget-tray-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/ulauncher-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/update-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/update-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/update-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/update-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/updates-notifier-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/updates-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-available-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-away-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-busy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-idle-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-idle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-invisible-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-status-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/user-status-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/variety-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/veracrypt-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/viber-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/viber-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/virt-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/vivaldi-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/vk-tray.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/vlc-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/volume-level-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-fog.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-freezing-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-hail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-many-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-mist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-none-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-overcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-severe-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-storm-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-storm-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/weather-windy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wechat-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wechat-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsapp-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsapp-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsapp-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsie-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/whatsie-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wire-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wire-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wired.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/wiznote-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/workrave-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xchat-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce-newmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce-nomail.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-critical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-battery-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xfpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/xkbmod-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/y-ppa-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yate-tray-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yate-tray-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yate-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-busy1.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-busy2.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-busy3.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-busy4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-busy5.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-ind-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-ind-idle.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yd-ind-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/youtube-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yum-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yum-indicator-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yum-indicator-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/yum-indicator-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/zeal-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/zeal-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/panel/zim-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/certificate-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/desktop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/edittrash.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/emptytrash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/favorites.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-apple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-cd.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-copy-cloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-decrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-gdrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-git.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-github.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-gitlab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-google-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-image-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-mail-cloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-mega.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-meocloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-owncloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-pcloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-private.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-steam.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-tar.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-torrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-txt.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-wifi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-wine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder-yandex-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/go-home.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gohome.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gtg-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gtk-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/insync-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/kfm_home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/knetattach.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/library-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/mail-sent.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/neat.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network_fs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/nfs.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/repository.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/samba.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/server.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_open.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/trash-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-share.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/user-trash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/changes-allow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/changes-prevent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-available-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-broken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-downgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-installed-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-installed-outdated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-installed-updated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-purge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-reinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-supported.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16/status/package-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16@2x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/16@3x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/CVnamespace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/Finished.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/accept_time_event.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-reopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-asset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-cash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-closed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-credit-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-expense.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-income.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-investments.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-liability.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-loan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-reconciled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-types-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-update-online-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account-update-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/account.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/activity-fork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/actor.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/add.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/adjusthsl.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/adjustrgb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/animation-stage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/answer-correct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/answer.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/approved.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/archive.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow-up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/arrow.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/artistictext-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/attention.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-off.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-on.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/auto-type.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/back.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/backup.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bank.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/beamerblock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/beamerframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bell.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bibtex.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bigskip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blurfx.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/blurimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmarks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/borderpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bottom.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/box.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-diff.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/budget-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/budget-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/budget-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/budget.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/burst.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/button_ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/bwtonal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cab_view.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cache.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/call-stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/calligraphy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/callout-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/camera-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cancel.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cards-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/category-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/category-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cd.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cell_edit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cell_layout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/checkbox.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/checkmark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/class.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/clock.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_search.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/collapse.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colorfx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colorneg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/compass.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/component.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure_kile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure_project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/contents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/contrast.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/convert.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cookies.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/createpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cross-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/datatype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-run.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/delete-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/delete.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/device.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/diag_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/diag_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-no.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dirsync.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/displaymathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distortionfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/down.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/download.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-path.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-star.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dvipng.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dvips.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-bomb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-copy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-delete-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-map.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-mark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-redo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit-undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edit_animation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editclear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editcopy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editcut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editor.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editpaste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/editpath.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edittext.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/edittrash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ellipse-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/emph.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/end_of_life.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/end_state.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/entry-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/enum.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/enumerate.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/equalizer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/error.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exifinfo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/exit_animations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/expand.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/favorite.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/favorites.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-chn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-skk.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filefind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filegrep.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-artist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filenew.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fileopen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fileprint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filesave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/filmgrain.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/find.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fitbest.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fitheight.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fitmanual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fitsize.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fitwidth.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag-blue.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag-red.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/flag.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fm-icons.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fm-new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fm-thumbs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/footsteps.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/forecast.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/fork.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/formula.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/forward.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/freerotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gearhead-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/globe.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-link-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-row-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-bottom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-down.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-first.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-jump.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-last.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-left.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-next.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-right.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-today.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-top.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/go-up.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gohome.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gpg.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gpgsm.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gps.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gradient.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/graphics.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/group-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/group.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-tag.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtg-work.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-about.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-apply.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-bold.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-clear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-cut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-edit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-file.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-find.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-go-up.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-index.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-info.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-no.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-open.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-paste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-print.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-quit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-save.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-stop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-yes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/guides.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hand.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-edit.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-source.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hb-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/help.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hide-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hide-reconciled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hide_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hide_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hidemouse.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hint.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/history.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/hotpixels.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/identity.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-aim.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-google.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-icq.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-irc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-jabber.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-msn.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-nov.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-qq.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-skype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-user.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-yahoo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/inbox.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/initial_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/inpainting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/insertcell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/institution-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/institution-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/institution-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/institution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/interface.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/investment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/investment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/investment-update-online-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/investment-update-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/investment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/irc-voice.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itemize.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/key-enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/key_enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kfm_home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmousetool_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmousetool_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_advanced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_mw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_planets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-chunks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-magnet.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/kt-upnp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/label.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/languages.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/latex-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ledger.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lens.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/license.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/link.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/location.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lock.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/love.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lpi-bug.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lpi-help.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-move.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-read.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-send.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-sent.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/makeidx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/manga.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/map-flat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/map-globe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/math0.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mathmode.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/measure.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/medskip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/menu_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/merge.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mic-off.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mic-on.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mic-ready.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/milestone.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/modified.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/mpost.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/msgid2msgstr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/multirow.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/next.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/no-marker.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/no.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/nocover.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-join.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/note.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/object_node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/off.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/office-chart-tall-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/offline-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/offline.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/oilpaint.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ok.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/on.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/online-banking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/online.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/open-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/outbox.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/output_win.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/package.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/page-zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-gradient-conical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-gradient-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-gradient-mesh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-gradient-radial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-swatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pan-down.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pan-end.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pan-start.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pan-up.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pane-hide.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pane-show.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/paperclip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/payee-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pdftex.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pentagon-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pgp-keys.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/photo.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pipe.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/plugins.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/pointer.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/practice-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/practice-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/practice-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/presence_away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/presence_offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/presence_online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/presence_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview-add-zone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview-remove-zone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview-render-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview-render-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/preview_sel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/previous.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project_archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project_rebuild.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/project_show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/projectgrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/qa.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/qlipper.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quick.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickopen.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickview.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/quickwizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/raindrop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/randomize.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rating.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/ratiocrop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reconcile-finish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reconcile.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/record.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rectangle-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/redeyes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/refactor.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/refreshstructure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/region.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/relation.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/relationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reload.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reload3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/remove.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/removecell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reply-all.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reply.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/retweet.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/reverse.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/revert.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rime-im.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/roll.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-build.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-clean.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/scriptnew.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/scriptopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/search.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/select.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/selection.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/send-to.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/services.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/set-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/settings.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shallow-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shapes.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shear.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shoot.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/show_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/shuffle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sidebar.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/slanted.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/smallskip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-page.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/snap.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/social.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sort-name.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sort_incr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/speaker.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/specific-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/spiral-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/split.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/spreadsheetshape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/star-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/star-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/star-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/starred.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/start-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/start.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Gas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_GasParticle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Meter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Particle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Rope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/step_object_Tracer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_cut.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_no.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_not.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_yes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stop.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/strong.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/structure.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/subsystem.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/symbols.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-save-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/table.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag-reset.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tag.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/task-due.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/task-new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/template.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/texcompiler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-wiki.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text-wrap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/texture.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-lift.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-overwrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-use-zone-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/timeline-use-zone-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_imageeffects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_pen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tool_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/top.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/torrents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transaction-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transaction-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transaction-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transaction-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transaction-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transfers.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/transsearch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-message-found.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-message-lost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbr-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/undo.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/unlock.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/up.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/url-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/usecase.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/user.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/verb.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/verbatim.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/vertical.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-bank.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-dual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-form.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-list.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-chart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-genre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-similarartists.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-more.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pages-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-sort.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_fit_to_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_icon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/view_tree.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/viewbib.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/viewimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/viewlog.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/viewps.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/vinyl.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/vm_new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-pin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window-unpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/wizard_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/wizard_pdftools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/wizard_pstools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/wizard_tabular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-clementine-albums.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/y-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zone-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zone-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-draw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-in-x.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-in-y.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/actions/zoom.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/computer.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/display.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/laptop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/checkmark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-added.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-checked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-insync-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-mounted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-noread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-nowrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-readonly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-shared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-success.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-unmounted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-unreadable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-urgent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/emblem-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/rating.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-added.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-conflicting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-locally-modified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-removed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/emblems/vcs-update-required.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/android-package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-atom+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-dicom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-epub+zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-illustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-json.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-mac-binhex40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-msonenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-msoutlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-msword-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-msword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-octet-stream.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pgp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-mime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pkix-cerl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-pkix-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-postscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-relaxng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-sxw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-access.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.visio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.doc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.docx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dotx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.potx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.ppt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pptx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xltx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-7z-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-ace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-applix-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-ar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-audacity-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-cda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-chm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-cpio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-cue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-egon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-executable-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-flash-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-bdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-pcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-snf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-type1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gba-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gnumeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-iso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-it87.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-jar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-java-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-java-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-k3b.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kformula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kgetlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kontour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kplato.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kvtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-kword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-lha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-lyx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-m4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-macbinary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-marble.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-mimearchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-mplayer2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-mswinurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-mswrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-n64-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-nes-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-nzb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-pak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-partial-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-pem-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-plasma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-python-bytecode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-qet-element.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-qet-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-quattropro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-rdata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-sharedlib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-siag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-sif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-skg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-skgc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-source-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-srt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-srtrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-subrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-tarz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-tgif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-troff-man.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-tzo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-xliff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-xpinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-xz-pkg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-zerosize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-x-zoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-xmind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-xsd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/application-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-ac3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-midi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-mp3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-prs.sid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-adpcm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-aiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audio-x-wav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/audiobook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/fonts-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-gif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-jpeg2000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-png.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-tiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.dgn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.djvu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-adobe-dng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-emf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-eps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-tga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-win-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-win-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/image-x-xfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/message-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/message-partial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/message-rfc822.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/message.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/none.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/odf.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/package-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/podcast.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-csv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-dockerfile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-enriched.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-mathml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-rdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-sgml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-troff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.abc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-adasrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-apport.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-authors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-bibtex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-c++hdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-c++src.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-chdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-cmake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-copying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-credits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-csrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-dtd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-go.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-haskell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-hex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-java-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-katefilelist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-kotlin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-ldif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-lilypond.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-lua.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-makefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-nfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-objchdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-objcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-opml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-pascal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-patch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-po.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-python3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-qml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-r.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-readme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-rpm-spec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-scala.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-tcl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-texinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-x-xslfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-xmcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/text-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/unknown.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/uri-mms.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/uri-mmst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/uri-pnm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/uri-rtspt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/uri-rtspu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-mlt-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-mp2t.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-vivo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-wavelet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-webm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-anim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-flic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-flv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-javafx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-matroska.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-mng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-msvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-theora+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/video-x-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/viewbib.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/viewdvi.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/viewhtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/viewpdf.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/viewps.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-hdd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-ova.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-ovf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vdi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vhd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vmdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-mail-distribution-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-media-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/QMPlay2-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ac-adapter.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/account-logged-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/airplane-mode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/akonaditray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/anatine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/anatine-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/antimicro-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ao-app-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/application-running.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/applications-chat-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/applications-email-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audacious-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-output-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-output-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-recorder-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-recorder-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-recorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/audio-volume-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/autokey-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/autokey-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/avatar-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bad-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/banshee-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-caution-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-caution-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-empty-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-good-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-low.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-medium-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery_charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/battery_plugged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bitcoin-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bitwarden-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueberry-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueberry-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/blueman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bluetooth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bomi-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/both-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/btsync-gui-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/bumblebee-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/calibre-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/camera-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/camera-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cantata-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/caps-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/caps-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cisco-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/classicmenu-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/clementine-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/clipboard.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/clipman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cloudstatus.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/connect_creating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/connect_established.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-error.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-insync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-paused.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync1.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync3.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync4.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync5.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync6.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync7.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-sync8.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copy-update.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copyq-busy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/copyq-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/crow-translate-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cryptfolder-open-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/cryptkeeper.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/deadbeef-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/deluge-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/desktopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/desktopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/desktoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dialog-password-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dino-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dino-status-chat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dino-status-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dino-status-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/diodon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray-deafened.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray-speaking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/discord-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/disk-quota-critical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/disk-quota-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/disk-quota-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/disk-quota.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/disper-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-blank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/dropboxstatus-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/electron-mail-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-extended-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/empathy-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/enpass-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/everpad-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/exaile-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/exaile-play.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/face-smile-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-rime-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-skk-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-wbpy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/feedindicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/firewall-applet-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/firewall-applet-panic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/firewall-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/flameshot-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/flareget-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fluxgui-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/franz-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/franz-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/fusion-icon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gitter-indicator-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gitter-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/glipper.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gmail-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gmail-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gnote-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/goldendict-scan-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/goldendict-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/good-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-no-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-chrome-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-hangouts-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-music-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpaste.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-inhibit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-monitor.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpmdp-tray-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gpmdp-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/grive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gsm-3g-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gtg-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/guake-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/guake-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/guitarix-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/haguichi-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/haguichi-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/haguichi-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/haguichi-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/haguichi-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hangouts-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hangouts-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hangouts-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hangouts-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/harmony-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hexchat-fileoffer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hexchat-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hexchat-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hexchat-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/high-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hipchat4-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hipchat4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/hp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ic_light_enpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/idle-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-cpufreq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-feedindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-fortune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-My.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-lunar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-messages-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-notification-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-notification-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-rss-aware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-case.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-chip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-fan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sensors-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-sound-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-stardate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-trashindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-virtual-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/indicator-workspaces-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-caps-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-touchpad-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/input-touchpad-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-feed.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-synced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/insync-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/irc-channel-joined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/irc-channel-parted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/jdownloader-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/joplin-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/kaku-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/kazam-countdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/kazam-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/kazam-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/kazam-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassx-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassx-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassxc-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassxc-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassxc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keepassxc-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keybase-badged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keybase-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keybase-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keybase-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/keyboard-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-modem-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/krb-expiring-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/krb-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/krudiotray-light-off22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/krudiotray-light-on22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ladi-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ladi-starting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ladi-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptop-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptop-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptop-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptopattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/laptoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/liferea-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/liferea-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/livewallpaper-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/lookit-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/low-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/lyricfier-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mailspring-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mailspring-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/manjaro-settings-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/manjaro-welcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/megalogging.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/megapaused.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/megasynching.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/megauptodate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/megawarning.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mellowplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/messenger-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/messenger-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-off.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-on.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-ready.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mic-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/minetime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mini-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mintupdate-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mintupdate-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mintupdate-installing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mintupdate-updates-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mnotify-none-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/motrix-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/motrix-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mouse-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/msd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mstdn-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvad-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvadg.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvadr.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mullvady.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mumble-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/museeks-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/museeq-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/museeq-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/mynotes-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-3g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-4g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-cellular-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-vpn-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-vpn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wired-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wired-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wired-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-hotspot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/new-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nitroshare-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nixnote2-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-adhoc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-device-wwan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-mb-roam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-no-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-secure-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-0-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-0.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-00-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-100-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-25-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-50-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-75-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-signal-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-3g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-4g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-lte.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-tech-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-vpn-lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nm-wwan-tower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/no-signal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nomachine-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nomachine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/notes-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/num-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/num-lock-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-oops-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-paused-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nylas-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/nylas-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/obs-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/obs-tray.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/octopi-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/octopi-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/octopi-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/octopi-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/odrive-tray-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/odrive-tray-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/odrive-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/onboard-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/onboard-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/onboard.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/openbazaar-system-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-indicator-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-indicator-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-tray-intel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-tray-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/overgrive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pamac-tray-no-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pamac-tray-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pcloud-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pcloud-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pcloud-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pcloud-sync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pcloud-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/persepolis-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/phone-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pia_tray_connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pia_tray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pia_tray_disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pidgin-tray-xa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pithos-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pithos-tray-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoneapp-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoneapp-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoneapp-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-start-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pomodoro-stop-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/popcorntime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pragha-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/prime-hybrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/prime-intel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/prime-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/process-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/process-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/process-syncing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/process-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/process-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/protonmail-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/protonmail-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/psensor_hot.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/psensor_normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/pushbullet-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qbittorrent-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qbittorrent-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qelectrotech-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qjoypad-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qnapi-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qomp-pause-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qomp-play-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qomp-stop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-event.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtox-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/qtpass-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/quota.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray-ng-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray-ng-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/radiotray_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rambox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rambox-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rclonetray-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/receiving-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/record-desktop-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/redshift-status-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/redshift-status-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/remmina-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/remote-folder-sync-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/remote-folder-sync-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/remote-folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rescuetime-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rescuetime-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rhythmbox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rhythmbox-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rhythmbox-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/riot-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rocketchat-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreak0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreak1.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreak2.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreak3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreak4.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rsibreakx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/rto-proxy-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/safeeyes_disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/safeeyes_enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/screencloud-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/screencloud-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scroll-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scroll-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/scudcloud.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/security-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/security-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/security-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/sflphone-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/sflphone-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/sflphone-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/shutter-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/si-syncthing-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-100.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-25.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-50.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-75.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/signal-unread-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-away-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connected-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connecting-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-disturb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-offline-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/skype-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/slack-indicator-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/slack-indicator-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/slack-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphone-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphone-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphone-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphoneattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphoneconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphonedisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smartphonetrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/smplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/solaar-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/solaar-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/spotify-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/start-here-manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/start-here.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-error.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-pause.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-sync.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/state-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/steadyflow-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/steam_tray_mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-cloudy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-fog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-night-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stock_weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/strawberry-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/strawberry-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/stremio-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/synapse-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/synergy-panel-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/synergy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-10.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-20.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-30.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-40.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-50.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-60.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-70.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-80.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/syspeek-90.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-devices-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-devices-panel-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-devices-panel-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-devices-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-file-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-restart-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/system-shutdown-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tablet-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tablet-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tabletattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tabletconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tabletdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tablettrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teams-for-linux-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teams-tray-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teams-tray-noactivity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/teamviewer-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/telegram-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/telegram-mute-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/telegram-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/thunderbird-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/todo-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tomahawk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tomboy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/touchpad-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmission-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/transmitting-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tray-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tray-new-im.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tray-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/trimage-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tusk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tvconnected.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tvdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/tvtrusted.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/twitch-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ubuntuone-client-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/uget-tray-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/uget-tray-downloading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/uget-tray-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/ulauncher-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/update-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/update-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/update-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/update-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/updates-notifier-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/updates-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-available-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-away-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-busy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-idle-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-idle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-invisible-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-status-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/user-status-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/variety-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/veracrypt-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/viber-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/viber-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/virt-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/vivaldi-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/vk-tray.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/vlc-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/volume-level-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-fog.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-freezing-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-hail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-many-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-mist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-none-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-overcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-severe-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-storm-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-storm-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/weather-windy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wechat-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wechat-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsapp-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsapp-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsapp-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsie-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/whatsie-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wire-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wire-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wired.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/wiznote-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/workrave-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xchat-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce-newmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce-nomail.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-critical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-battery-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xfpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/xkbmod-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/y-ppa-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yate-tray-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yate-tray-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yate-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-busy1.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-busy2.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-busy3.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-busy4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-busy5.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-ind-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-ind-idle.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yd-ind-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/youtube-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yum-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yum-indicator-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yum-indicator-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/yum-indicator-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/zeal-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/zeal-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/panel/zim-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/desktop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/edittrash.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/emptytrash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/favorites.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-txt.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/go-home.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gohome.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gtg-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gtk-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/kfm_home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/mail-sent.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/neat.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/network.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/network_fs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/nfs.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/repository.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/samba.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/server.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_open.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/trash-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-share.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/user-trash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22@2x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/22@3x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/Finished.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/add.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/adjusthsl.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/adjustrgb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/archive.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/arrow-up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-off.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-on.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/auto-type.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/back.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bell.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blurfx.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/blurimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmarks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bottom.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-diff.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/burst.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/button_ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/bwtonal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cab_view.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cache.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/call-stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/camera-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cancel.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cd.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/checkbox.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/checkmark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/clock.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_search.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/collapse.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colorfx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colorneg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/compass.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configure.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/connector-avoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/connector-ignore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/connector-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/contents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/contrast.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cookies.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-run.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/delete.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/device.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-no.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-ok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dirsync.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/down.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/download.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-ellipse-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-ellipse-chord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-ellipse-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-ellipse-whole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-mirror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-path.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-star.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-trace-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-use-pressure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-use-tilt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-bomb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-copy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-map.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-mark.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-redo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit-undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editclear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editcopy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editcut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/editpaste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/edittrash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/entry-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/equalizer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/error.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/exifinfo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/exit.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/expand.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/favorite.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/favorites.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-chn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-skk.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filefind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filenew.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fileopen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fileprint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filesave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/filmgrain.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/find.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fitbest.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fitheight.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fitmanual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fitsize.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fitwidth.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag-blue.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag-red.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flag.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/flatten_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fm-icons.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fm-new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fm-thumbs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/footsteps.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/fork.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/formula.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/forward.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/globe.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-object-label.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-object-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-bottom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-down.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-first.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-jump.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-last.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-left.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-next.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-right.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-today.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-top.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/go-up.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gohome.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gpg.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gpgsm.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gps.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/grid-axonometric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/group-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-tag.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtg-work.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-about.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-add.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-apply.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-bold.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-clear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-cut.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-edit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-file.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-find.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-go-up.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-index.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-info.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-no.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-open.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-paste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-print.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-quit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-save.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-stop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-tab-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-yes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/guides.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hand.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-edit.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-source.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hb-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/help.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hidemouse.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hint.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/history.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/hotpixels.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/identity.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-aim.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-google.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-icq.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-irc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-jabber.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-msn.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-nov.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-qq.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-skype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-user.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-yahoo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/inbox.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/interactive_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/irc-voice.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/key-enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/key_enter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kfm_home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_mw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-chunks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-magnet.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-pause.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-remove.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-start.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-stop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/kt-upnp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-new.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lens.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/license.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/link.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/location.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lock.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lpi-bug.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lpi-help.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-move.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-read.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-send.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-sent.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/manga.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/map-flat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/map-globe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/measure.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-album-cover tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/menu_new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/merge.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mesh-gradient-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mic-off.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mic-on.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/mic-ready.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/milestone.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/next.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/no-marker.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/no.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/nocover.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-join.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-blur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-paint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/off.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/oilpaint.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/ok.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/on.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/open-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/outbox.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/package.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/page-zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-fms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-fsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-mfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-msf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-sfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-order-smf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pan-down.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pan-end.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pan-start.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pan-up.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pane-hide.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pane-show.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/paperclip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-cut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mode-bspline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mode-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-grow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-repel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-roughen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/perspective-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pgp-keys.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/photo.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pipe.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/plugins.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/preview.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/previous.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/qlipper.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/quickopen.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/quickview.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/raindrop.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/randomize.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rating.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/ratiocrop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/record.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/redeyes.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reload.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reload3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/remove.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reply-all.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reply.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/retweet.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/reverse.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/revert.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rime-im.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/roll.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-build.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-clean.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/search.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/select.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/send-to.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/services.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/settings.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/shapes.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/shear.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/shoot.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-menu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sidebar.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-node.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-page.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/snap.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/social.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sort-name.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/speaker.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/split.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/spray-mode-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/spray-mode-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/spray-mode-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/star-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/star-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/starred.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/start.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_cut.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_no.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_not.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_top.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_up.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_yes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stop.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/symbol-bigger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/symbols.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-close.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/table.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-new.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag-reset.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tag.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/task-due.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/task-new.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-wiki.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text-wrap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_outer_style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/texture.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/toggle_vp_y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/toggle_vp_z.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_line.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_pen.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tool_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/top.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/torrents.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transfers.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-move-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-move-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-scale-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-scale-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/undo.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/unlock.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/up.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/url-copy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/vertical.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-bank.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-dual.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-form.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-grid.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-list.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-more.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-sort.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-task.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_icon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_text.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/view_tree.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/viewimage.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/vinyl.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/vm_new.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/y-zoom-in.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zone-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zone-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-draw.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-in-x.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-in-y.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-in.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-out.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/actions/zoom.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage01-connecting12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage02-connecting14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-stage03-connecting14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/animations/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/computer.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/display.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/laptop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/QMPlay2-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ac-adapter.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/account-logged-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/airplane-mode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/akonaditray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/anatine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/anatine-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/antimicro-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ao-app-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/application-running.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/applications-chat-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/applications-email-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audacious-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-output-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-output-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-recorder-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-recorder-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-recorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/audio-volume-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/autokey-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/autokey-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/avatar-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bad-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/banshee-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-caution-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-empty-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-full-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-good-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-low.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-medium-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery_charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/battery_plugged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bitcoin-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bitwarden-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueberry-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueberry-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman-tray-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/blueman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bluetooth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bomi-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/both-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/btsync-gui-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/bumblebee-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/calibre-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/camera-off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/camera-on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cantata-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/caps-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/caps-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cisco-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/classicmenu-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/clementine-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/clipboard.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/clipman.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cloudstatus.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/connect_creating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/connect_established.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-error.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-insync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-paused.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync1.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync3.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync4.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync5.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync6.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync7.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-sync8.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copy-update.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copyq-busy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/copyq-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/crow-translate-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cryptfolder-open-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/cryptkeeper.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/deadbeef-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/deluge-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/desktopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/desktopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/desktoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dialog-password-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dino-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dino-status-chat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dino-status-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dino-status-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/diodon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray-deafened.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray-speaking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/discord-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/disper-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-blank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/dropboxstatus-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/electron-mail-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-extended-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/empathy-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/enpass-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/everpad-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/exaile-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/exaile-play.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/face-smile-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-rime-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-skk-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-wbpy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/feedindicator-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/firewall-applet-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/firewall-applet-panic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/firewall-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/flameshot-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/flareget-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fluxgui-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/franz-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/franz-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/fusion-icon-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gitter-indicator-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gitter-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/glipper.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gmail-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gmail-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gnote-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/goldendict-scan-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/goldendict-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/good-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-no-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-chrome-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-hangouts-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-music-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpaste.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-inhibit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-monitor.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-000.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-020.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-040.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-060.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-080.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpmdp-tray-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gpmdp-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/grive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gsm-3g-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gtg-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/guake-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/guake-tray.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/guitarix-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/haguichi-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/haguichi-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/haguichi-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/haguichi-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/haguichi-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hangouts-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hangouts-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hangouts-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hangouts-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/harmony-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hexchat-fileoffer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hexchat-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hexchat-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hexchat-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/high-signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hipchat4-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hipchat4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/hp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ic_light_enpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/idle-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-cpufreq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-feedindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-fortune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-By.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-De.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-En.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-He.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-In.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-It.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-My.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-No.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-lunar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-messages-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-notification-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-notification-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-rss-aware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-case.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-chip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-fan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sensors-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-sound-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-stardate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-trashindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-virtual-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/indicator-workspaces-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-caps-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-touchpad-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/input-touchpad-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-feed.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-synced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/insync-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/irc-channel-joined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/irc-channel-parted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/jdownloader-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/joplin-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/kaku-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/kazam-countdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/kazam-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/kazam-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/kazam-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassx-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassx-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassxc-dark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassxc-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassxc-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keepassxc-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keybase-badged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keybase-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keybase-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keybase-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/keyboard-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-modem-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/krb-expiring-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/krb-valid-ticket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/krudiotray-light-off24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/krudiotray-light-on24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ladi-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ladi-starting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ladi-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptop-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptop-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptop-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptopattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptopconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptopdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/laptoptrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/liferea-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/liferea-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/livewallpaper-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/lookit-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/low-signal.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/lyricfier-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mailspring-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mailspring-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/manjaro-settings-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/manjaro-welcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/megalogging.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/megapaused.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/megasynching.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/megauptodate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/megawarning.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mellowplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/messenger-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/messenger-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-off.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-on.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-ready.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mic-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/minetime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mini-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mintupdate-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mintupdate-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mintupdate-installing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mintupdate-updates-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mnotify-none-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/motrix-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/motrix-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mouse-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/msd-xrandr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mstdn-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvad-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvadg.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvadr.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mullvady.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mumble-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/museeks-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/museeq-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/museeq-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/mynotes-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-3g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-4g.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-cellular-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-vpn-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-vpn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wired-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wired-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wired-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-acquiring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-hotspot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-no-route.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/new-messages-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/night-light-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nitroshare-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nixnote2-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-adhoc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wired-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-device-wwan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-mb-roam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-no-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-secure-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-0-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-0.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-00-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-100-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-25-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-50-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-75-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-signal-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-3g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-4g.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-edge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-evdo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-gprs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-hspa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-lte.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-tech-umts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-vpn-lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nm-wwan-tower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/no-signal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nomachine-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nomachine-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/notes-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/notification-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/notification-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/num-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/num-lock-on.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-oops-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-paused-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nylas-tray-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/nylas-tray-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/obs-tray-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/obs-tray.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/octopi-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/octopi-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/octopi-info.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/octopi-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/odrive-tray-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/odrive-tray-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/odrive-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/onboard-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/onboard-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/onboard.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/openbazaar-system-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/optimus-indicator-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/optimus-indicator-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/optimus-tray-intel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/overgrive-app-ind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pamac-tray-no-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pamac-tray-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pcloud-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pcloud-ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pcloud-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pcloud-sync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pcloud-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/persepolis-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-caution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-good.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/phone-battery-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pia_tray_connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pia_tray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pia_tray_disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pidgin-tray-xa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pithos-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pithos-tray-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoneapp-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoneapp-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoneapp-started.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-start-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pomodoro-stop-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/popcorntime-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pragha-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/prime-hybrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/prime-intel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/prime-nvidia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/process-syncing-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/process-syncing-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/process-syncing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/process-syncing-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/process-syncing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/protonmail-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/protonmail-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/psensor_hot.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/psensor_normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/pushbullet-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qbittorrent-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qbittorrent-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qelectrotech-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qjoypad-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qnapi-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qomp-pause-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qomp-play-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qomp-stop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-event.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtox-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/qtpass-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/quota.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray-ng-off-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray-ng-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray-ng-on-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray-ng-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray_connecting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/radiotray_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rambox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rambox-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rclonetray-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/receiving-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/record-desktop-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/redshift-status-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/redshift-status-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/remmina-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/remote-folder-sync-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/remote-folder-sync-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/remote-folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rescuetime-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rescuetime-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rhythmbox-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rhythmbox-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rhythmbox-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/riot-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rocketchat-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreak0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreak1.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreak2.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreak3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreak4.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rsibreakx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/rto-proxy-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/safeeyes_disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/safeeyes_enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/screencloud-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/screencloud-uploading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scroll-lock-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scroll-lock-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/scudcloud.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/security-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/security-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/security-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/sflphone-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/sflphone-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/sflphone-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/shutter-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/si-syncthing-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-100.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-25.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-50.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-75.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/signal-unread-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-away-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connected-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connecting-0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connecting-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connecting-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-connecting-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-disturb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-offline-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/skype-status-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/slack-indicator-highlight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/slack-indicator-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/slack-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphone-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphone-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphone-trusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphoneattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphoneconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphonedisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smartphonetrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/smplayer-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/solaar-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/solaar-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/spotify-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/start-here-manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/start-here.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-error.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-ok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-pause.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-sync.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/state-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/steadyflow-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/steam_tray_mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-cloudy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-fog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-night-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stock_weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/strawberry-panel-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/strawberry-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/stremio-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/synapse-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/synergy-panel-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/synergy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-0.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-10.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-100.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-20.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-30.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-40.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-50.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-60.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-70.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-80.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/syspeek-90.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-devices-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-devices-panel-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-devices-panel-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-devices-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-file-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-restart-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/system-shutdown-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tablet-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tablet-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tabletattention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tabletconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tabletdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tablettrusted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teams-for-linux-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teams-tray-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teams-tray-noactivity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/teamviewer-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/telegram-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/telegram-mute-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/telegram-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/thunderbird-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/todo-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tomahawk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tomboy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/touchpad-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmission-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-bad-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-good-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-high-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/transmitting-low-signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tray-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tray-new-im.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tray-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tray-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/trimage-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tusk-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tvconnected.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tvdisconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/tvtrusted.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/twitch-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ubuntuone-client-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/uget-tray-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/uget-tray-downloading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/uget-tray-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/ulauncher-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/update-high.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/update-low.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/update-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/update-none.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/updates-notifier-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/updates-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-available-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-away-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-away.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-busy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-busy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-idle-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-idle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-invisible-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-invisible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-offline-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-online.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-status-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/user-status-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/variety-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/veracrypt-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/viber-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/viber-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/virt-manager-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/vivaldi-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/vk-tray.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/vlc-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-high-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-low-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-medium-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-muted-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-none-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/volume-level-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-few-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-fog.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-freezing-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-hail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-many-clouds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-mist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-none-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-overcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-severe-alert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-showers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-rain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow-scattered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-snow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-storm-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-storm-night.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-storm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/weather-windy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wechat-tray-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wechat-tray.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsapp-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsapp-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsapp-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsie-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/whatsie-tray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wire-tray-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wire-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wired.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/wiznote-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/workrave-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xchat-panel.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce-newmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce-nomail.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-critical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-battery-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-mouse-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-030.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-phone-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-primary-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-020.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-040.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-060.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-080.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-charged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xfpm-ups-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/xkbmod-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/y-ppa-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yate-tray-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yate-tray-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yate-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-busy1.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-busy2.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-busy3.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-busy4.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-busy5.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-ind-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-ind-idle.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yd-ind-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-downloading-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light-sync9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/youtube-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yum-indicator-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yum-indicator-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yum-indicator-updates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/yum-indicator-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/zeal-panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/zeal-tray.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/panel/zim-panel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/desktop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/edittrash.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/emptytrash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/favorites.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-txt.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/go-home.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gohome.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gtg-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gtk-home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/kfm_home.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/mail-sent.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/neat.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/network.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/network_fs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/nfs.svg         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/repository.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/samba.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/server.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_home.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_open.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/trash-full.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-home.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-share.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/user-trash.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24@2x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/24@3x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-headphones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-headsets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-input-microphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/audio-speakers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/battery.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-cellular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-handheld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-handsfree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-loudspeaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-pointing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman-smart-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/blueman.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/bluetooth.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/camera-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/camera-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/camera-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/camera.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/computer.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/cpu.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/display.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/drive-virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/gnome-phone-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-dialpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-gaming.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/input-touchpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/joystick.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/keyboard.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/laptop.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-cdr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-dvd.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-flash-memory-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-flash-smart-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-memory-sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-blu-ray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-cd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-dvd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-recordable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/media-tape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/modem.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/multimedia-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-wireless-hotspot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/pda.svg        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/phone.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/printer-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/printer-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/printer.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/scanner.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/smartphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/stock_cell-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/system.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/tablet.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/video-television.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32/devices/wiimotedev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32@2x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/32@3x                     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/icon-theme.cache          tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/index.theme               tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/10B4_steam.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/1CD8_rundll32.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/1E64_notepad.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/1password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/2048-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/2048.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/2402_msiexec.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/2EF4_wordpad.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/3dchess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/4137_winhlp32.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/4kvideodownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/5961_Defunct_x86.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/63EE_sublime_text.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/67EF_addoninstaller.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/7596_iexplore.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/7765_winebrowser.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/7z.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/7zip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/97C1_wordpad.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/A35F_hh.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeFlash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdobeReader9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AdvancedPhoto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Alacritty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.cn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.co.uk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.de.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.es.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.fr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Amazon-www.amazon.it.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Anydesk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AppImage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/AppImageLauncher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Appstore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Ardour-Ardour_4.0.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Ardour-Ardour_5.12.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Ardour-Ardour_6.0.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Ardour-icon_256px.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/BTM.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Babe.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Basecamp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/BurpSuiteCommunity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/CMakeSetup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/CMakeSetup32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/CPU-X.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Caprine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/DBeaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Dictionary.app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/DictionaryReader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/EasyTAG_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Etermutilities-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/FB4C_iexplore.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/FBReader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/FacebookMessenger-facebook.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/FoxitReader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/FreeFileSync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/GDevelop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/GMail-mail.google.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/GitKraken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Gnome-Camara.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Gnome-Notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Gnome-Photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Gnome-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/GnomeBaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Grsync.SVG  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Grsync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ImageJ.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Insight-FileManager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/J7Z.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Jetbrains-goland.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Joplin.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/JupyterConsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Last.fm-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/LinSSID.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/MultiBrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Musescore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/MvGather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Notion.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/OpenTodoList.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/PCSX2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Panini.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/PhotoFiltre-LX.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Pithos.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/PlayOnLinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Pomodoro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QMapShack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtAV.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtIcon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-assistant.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-qdbusviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/QtProject-qtcreator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/RSS_feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Ripcord_Icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/SUSEgreeter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Sci48M.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ScudCloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Spotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Stacer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Sylpheed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/TeXworks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/TeamViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Terminal-tango.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Thunar.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Todoist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Twitter-twitter.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Uberwriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/VBox.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Vbox.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/WMail.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/WorkerIcon48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/XMind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/XrendrMixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/YouTube-youtube.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/YouTubeDownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Youtube-youtube.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/Zoom.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aarddict.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/abiword_48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/about_kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/abrt-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/abrt.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/access.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessibility-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessibility_section.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-archiver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-character-map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-document-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-ebook-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-image-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-media-converter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-painting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-system-cleaner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-text-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories-thesaurus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/accessories_text_editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ace.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/acidrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/acroread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/activity-log-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/adjust-colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/administration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/adobe-flashplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/adobe-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/adobeflashplugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aegisub.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/agenda.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/agent.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aisleriot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/akonadi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/akonaditray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/akregator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alacarte.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alacritty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alarm-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/albert.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alien-arena.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alienarena.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alleyoop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alltray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/almanah.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/almond.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/alsamixergui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/altyo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amarok-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amarok.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amarok2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amazon-mp3-store-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amazon-store.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amazon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amazonclouddrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amazonmp3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amor.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amule.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/amulegui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anaconda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anbox.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/android-file-transfer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/android-studio-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/android-studio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/androidstudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/angular-console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anjuta.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anjuta6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anjuta_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ankama-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anki.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/antimicro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/antimicrox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/anydesk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/app.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apparmor_view_profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apper.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-1password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-AppImage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-Ripcord_Icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-android-file-transfer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-auryo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-azpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-balena-etcher-electron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-bitwarden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-brackets-electron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-caprine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-colorpicker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-draw.io.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-emacs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-ferdi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-franz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-github-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-gmail-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-gravit-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-joplin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-kitty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-ksnip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-leocad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-mscore-portable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-notable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-org.olivevideoeditor.Olive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-pcloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-rambox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-sc-controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-stacer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-supertux2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-synfigstudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-teams-for-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-wewechat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit-youtube-music-desktop-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appimagekit_irix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applet_lockkeys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applets-screenshooter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-default-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-vidiot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-chemtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-clementine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-pml18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-pml18free.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-prl18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-prl18free.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-tml18.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/application-x-tml18free.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-accessories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-development-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-development-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-education-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-education.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-featured.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-fonts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-interfacedesign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-internet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-languages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-multimedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-office.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-science.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-system-orange.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-utilities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/applications-webbrowsers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apport-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apport-gtk2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apport.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apps.com.dingtalk.im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apps.com.qq.im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/apps.com.wechat.web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/appset.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptana-studio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptana.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptdaemon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptdaemon-working.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aptik-battery-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/archive-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/archivemanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/archlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ardour6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arduino-arduinoide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arduino-icon-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arduino-ide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arduino.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ark.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arora.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/artemanufrij.imageburner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/artemanufrij.playmymusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/artha.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/artikulate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/arts.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/as-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/as-powered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/asc-de.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/asounder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/assistant-qt4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/assistant-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/assistant.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/assistant5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/asunder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/aterm.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/athena.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atlas.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atom-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atom.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atomix-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atomix.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/atril.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacious-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacious-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacious.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacity16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audacity32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audex.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audience.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audio-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audio-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/audoban.applet.playbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/auryo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/autokey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/autopackage-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/avidemux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/avidemux_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/awf.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/awn-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/awn-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/awn-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/awn-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ax-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/azpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/babe.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/backlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/badge-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/baidunetdisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/balena-etcher-electron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/baloo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/banji.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/banshee-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/banshee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/baobab.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/barrier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bash.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/basket.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bauh.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bcloud.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bcompare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/beagled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/beatbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/beekeeper-studio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bell.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/beryl-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bijiben.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bitcoin128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bittorrent-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bitwarden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bleachbit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bless.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blinken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blivet-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blocks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blogilo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueclock32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluedun.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluefish-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluefish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluegriffon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueman-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueman-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueradio-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/blueradio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetooth-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetooth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetooth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetooth-radio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bluetoothradio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bomber.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bombono-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bomi.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bookreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/boomaga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/boot.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_notepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_wine-uninstaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_wine-winecfg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_wine-winefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_wine-winetricks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_wine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bottles_winetricks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/boxes.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brackets-electron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brackets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brasero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-browser-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-browser-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-browser-nightly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave-nightly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/breeze-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/brightside.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/browser-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/browser-tor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bt-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/btsync-gui-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/btsync-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/btsync-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/budgiewprviews.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bug-buddy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bug.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bum.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bumblebee-config-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/bumblebee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/burner.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/burp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/butter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/byzanz.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ca.littlesvr.asunder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cacao-oj6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cacao-oj7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cacao-oj8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cacao-oj9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/caffeine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cairo-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cairo-dock-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cairo-dock-o.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cairo-dock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/caja-actions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/caja-dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calamares.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calc.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calendar-blue-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calendar-purple-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calendar-red-31.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calibre-ebook-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calibre-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calibre-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calibre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/california.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calindori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligraauthor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligradevtools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligragemini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrakarbon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrakrita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrakrita2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrakrita3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligraplan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligraplanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligraplanwork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrasheets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrastage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/calligrawords.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/camera-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/camera-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/camera-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/camera.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/camorama.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cantata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/caprine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/carla-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/carla.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/catfish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cawbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cc.arduino.arduinoide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ccsm.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/celluloid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cellwriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cgoban.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cgoban_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chakra-backup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/checkers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/checkgmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cheese.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chemtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cherrytree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chess.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chessx.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chinese.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chmsee-16x16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chmsee-32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chmsee-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bgjohebimpjdhhocbknplfelpmdhifhd-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bllmngcdibgbgjnginpehneeofhbmdjm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-boeajhmfdjldchidhphikilcgdacljfm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ciniambnphakdoflgeamacamhfllbkmo-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-clgddkicplcbgjfobecebadodeggpghp-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-cnkjkdjlofllcpbemipjbcpfnglbgieh-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-eifdbcbnlahelniokpkpdlhaocgjdcje-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ejidjjhkpiempkbhmpbfngldlkglhimk-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ejjicmeblgpmajnghnpcppodonldlgfn-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-faolnafnngnfdaknnbpnkhgohbobgegn-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-felcaaldnbdncclmgdcncolpebgiejap-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-hadgilakbfohcfcgfbioeeehgpkopaga-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-hdokiejnpimakedhajhdlcegeplioahd-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-hfhhnacclhffhdffklopdkcgdhifgngh-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-hnpfjngllnobngcgfapefoaidbinmjnm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-https___telegram.org_.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-iabmpiboiopbgfabjmgeedhcmjenhbla-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-icdipabjmbhpdkjaihfjoikhjjeneebd-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ioekoebejdcmnlefjiknokhhafglcjdl-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-jcjbnkncddbeomhaacaeokhfnefibpde-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-jeogkiiogjbmhklcnbgkdcjoioegiknm-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-kogcfmeennoidocadkgjhnbancebmlbf-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-lainlkmlgipednloilifbppmhdocjbda-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-lneaknkopdijkpnocmklfnjbeapigfbh-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-mijlebbfndhelmdpmllgcfadlkankhok-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-ncliohomlfopnmlfkepkcbnhmeijkhhf-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-oooiobdokpcfdlahlmcddobejikcmkfo-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-pdagghjnpkeagmlbilmjmclfhjeaapaa-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-pfpeapihoiogbcmdmnibeplnikfnhoge-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-pghodfjepegmciihfhdipmimghiakcjf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chrome.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chromium-browser-privacy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chromium-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chromium-browser2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chromium-freeworld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/chromium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cin-multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-panel-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-power-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-preferences-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-preferences-desktop-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-preferences-system-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-session-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-virtual-keyboard tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cinnamon-virtual-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clamav-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clamav.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clamtk.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/classicmenu-indicator-light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/classicmenu-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/claws-mail-128x128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/claws-mail-32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/claws-mail-64x64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/claws-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clawsker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clementine-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clementine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clickup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clion.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clipit-trayicon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clock.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/clocks.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cmake-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cmake.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cockos-reaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/code-insiders.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/code-oss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/code.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/codeblocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/color-calibate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/color-pick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/color.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorgrab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorimeter-colorhug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorpicker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colors.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colorset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/colour.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.Adobe.Flash-Player-Projector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.Jetbrains.GoLand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.abisource.AbiWord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.adobe.Flash-Player-Projector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.adobe.Reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.alacritty.Alacritty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.anydesk.Anydesk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.axosoft.GitKraken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.bitwarden.Bitwarden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.bitwarden.BitwardenDesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.lrfviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.ImageViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Movies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.ScreenRecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.ScreenShot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.Screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.deepin.VoiceRecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.dhsdevelopments.Climaxima.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.discordapp.Discord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.dropbox.Client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.endlessnetwork.missilemath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.getferdi.Ferdi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.getmailspring.Mailspring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.getpostman.Postman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gexperts.Terminix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gexperts.Tilix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gigitux.gtkwhats.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.Eloston.UngoogledChromium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.IsmaelMartinez.teams_for_linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.JannikHv.Gydl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.PintaProject.Pinta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.aimproxy.dotfonts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.akiraux.akira.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.alainm23.planner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.alecaddd.sequeler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.arshubham.cipher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.hashit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.playmymusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.playmyvideos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.regextester.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.artemanufrij.showmypictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.bartzaalberg.php-tester.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.bitseater.weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.calo001.fondo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.christophernugent.locksmith.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.cryptowyrm.copypastegrab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.dahenson.agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.danrabbit.nimbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.davidmhewitt.clipped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.debauchee.barrier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.djaler.formatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.donadigo.appeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.donadigo.eddy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.fabiocolacio.marker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.georgekap1an.chores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.hannesschulze.optimizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.jeromerobert.pdfarranger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.johnfactotum.Foliate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.juliagoda.antimicro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.juliagoda.antimicroX.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.junrrein.PDFSlicer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.lainsce.notejot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.lainsce.palaura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.louis77.tuner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.lpereira.HardInfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.lpereira.hardinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.maoschanz.DynamicWallpaperEditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.maoschanz.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.mdh34.quickdocs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.micahflee.torbrowser-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.mohelm97.screenrecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.parnold-x.sudoku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.rapidfingers.translator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.robertsanseries.karim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.rssguard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.ryonakano.reco.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.santileortiz.iconoscope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.sgpthomas.hourglass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.stsdc.monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.thezbyg.Gpick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.thezbyg.gpick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.timecraft.js-test.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.timecraft.notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.unrud.VideoDownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.unrud.djpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.wjaguar.mtPaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.wjaguar.mtpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.xournalpp.xournalpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.zren.tiledmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.zren.todolist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.github.ztefn.haguichi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gitlab.bitseater.meteo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gitlab.davem.ClamTk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.giuspen.cherrytree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gnome.Software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.gnome.software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.google.AndroidStudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.google.Chrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.GPMDP.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.hamrick.VueScan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.CLion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.DataGrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.GoLand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Community.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.IntelliJ-IDEA-Ultimate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.Intellij-Community.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.PhpStorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Community.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.PyCharm-Professional.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.PyCharm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.Rider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.RubyMine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jetbrains.WebStorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jgraph.drawio.desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.jgraph.drawio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.leinardi.gwe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.meetfranz.Franz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.microsoft.Teams.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.mojang.Minecraft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.netease.CloudMusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.obsproject.Studio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.onlyoffice.DesktopEditors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.ozmartians.VidCutter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.qq.weixin.deepin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.sigil_ebook.Sigil.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.simplenote.Simplenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.skype.Client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.slack.Slack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.spotify.Client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.sublimemerge.App.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.sublimetext.SublimeText3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.sublimetext.three.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.syntevo.SmartGit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.system76.Popsicle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.todoist.Todoist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.transmissionbt.Transmission.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.tutanota.Tutanota.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.ugetdm.uGet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.ulduzsoft.KchmViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.valvesoftware.Steam.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.viber.Viber.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.visualstudio.code-oss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.visualstudio.code.insiders.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.visualstudio.code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.vscodium.codium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office.etmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office.wppmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office.wpsmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office2019.etmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office2019.wppmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/com.wps.Office2019.wpsmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/computer-log-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/computerjanitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/config-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/config-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/config-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/configuration_section.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/configurator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/configure-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/contact-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/control-center2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/converseen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cookie.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/corebird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/coypu.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cpu-x.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cpuinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cqcb.plasma.webslice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/credentials-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/crossover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/crow-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cryfs-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cryptfolder-indicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cryptkeeper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/crystal-picnic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/crystal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-applets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-backgrounds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-cat-admin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-cat-appearance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-cat-hardware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-cat-prefs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-cat-themes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-date-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-default-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-desklets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-desktop-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-drivers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-extensions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-fonts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-general.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-input-method.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-login.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-online-accounts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-overview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-power.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-privacy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-region.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-screen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-screensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-session-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-software-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-sources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-startup-programs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-themes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-tiling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-universal-access.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-user-accounts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cs-workspaces.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-a11y-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-a11y-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-automount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-clipboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-datetime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-housekeeping.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-media-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-orientation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-power.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-print-notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-screensaver-proxy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-wacom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-xrandr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/csd-xsettings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cuckoo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cumulus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cups-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cups.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cupsprinter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/customdesktopmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cutemarked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cuttlefish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cx.ring.Ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cx.ring.ring-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/cxmenu-cxoffice-0-crossover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/d3lphin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/darktable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/datagrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/date.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dates.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dayfolder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dbeaver-ce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dbeaver-ee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dbeaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dconf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ddcopy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dde-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dde-file-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dde-introduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ddm.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ddrescue-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/de.lucaswerkmeister.corebird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/de.openstreetmap.josm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/de.wolfvollprecht.UberWriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian-installer-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian-plymouth-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian-reference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian-swirl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/debian.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-appstore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-boot-maker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-cloud-configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-cloud-print-configurator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-cloud-scan-config-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-cloudprint-config-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-crossover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-deb-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-emacs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-font-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-game-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-graphics-driver-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-image-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-installer-oem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-manual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-media-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-movie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-multitasking-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-music-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-remote-assistance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-repair-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-repair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-screen-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-screenrecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-show-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-system-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-toggle-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-translator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin-voice-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin.com.qq.im.light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin.com.qq.im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin.com.qq.office.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepin.com.wechat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepinwine-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deepinwine-qq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deezer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/default-application.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deja-dup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deluge-torrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deluge.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/designer-qt4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/designer-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/designer5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deskbar-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/deskbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-environment-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-environment-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-environment-lxde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-environment-mate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-environment-xfce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop-profiler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/devede.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/devedeng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/devhelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dia.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dialog-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dict.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/digikam.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dillo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dingtalk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/diodon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/discord-ptb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/discord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/disk-burner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/disk-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/disk-usage-analyzer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/diskmonitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/disks.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/disper.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/display-capplet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/display-im6.Q16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/display-im6.q16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/display.im6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-antergos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-archlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-blackarch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-budgie-remix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-budgie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-centos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-chakra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-deepin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-devuan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-elementary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-fedora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-gentoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-kali.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-korora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-kubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-lfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-linux-mint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-lubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-mageia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-mint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-mx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-opensuse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-parrot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-pop-os.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-raspbian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-rhel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-siduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-slackware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-solus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-ubuntu-budgie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-ubuntu-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-ubuntu-studio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-ubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-void.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-xubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo-zorin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/distributor-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dnfdragora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/docear.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dock.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dockbarx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/docky.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dont-starve-together.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dont-starve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dragonplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/drakconf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/drakmenustyle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/draksec-mdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/drakstats.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/draw-io.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/draw.io.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/drawio.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dreamchess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/driver-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dvd95.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dvd9548.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/dwww-gnome-touristinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/e-mail.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eTube.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/easy-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/easystroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/easytag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/easytags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/echomixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eclipse-cdt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eclipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eddy.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edile.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edit-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edit-urpm-sources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/edu.stanford.Almond.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eekboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electron9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/electronic-wechat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/element-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/element-nightly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/element.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/elementary-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/elisa.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs-nox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs-snapshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs23.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emacs25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/email-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/email.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emblem-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emblem-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emerillon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/empathy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/emule.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/engrampa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eog.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eom.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epdfview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ephoto.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany-gecko.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany-webkit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epiphany.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/epulse.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/equaliser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/esd.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/etube.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.blumenstingl.martin.keystateplasmoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppAmazonCloudPlayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppDeezer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppGooglePlayMusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppSpotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutubeMusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evince.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evolution-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evolution-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evolution-memos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evolution-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/evolution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/exfalso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/exmplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/extensions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ezame.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/f-spot.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/face-smile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/facebook-facebook.com.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/facebookresource.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fastmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fbmessenger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fcitx-sogoupinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fcitx.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fcitx_ubuntukylin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/featherpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fedora-logo-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fedora-release-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fedorausb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/feedreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ferdi.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ffado.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fifteenpuzzle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/figma-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/figma.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/file-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/file-roller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/file-system-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filelight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filemanager-actions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filerunner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filetypes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filezilla.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filled-xterm_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/filled-xterm_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fingerprint-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-3.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-3.5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-4.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-aurora-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-aurora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-beta-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-developer-edition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-developer-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-developer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-esr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-gtk3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-icon-unbranded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-mozilla-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-nightly-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-nightly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox-trunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firefox3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firestarter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firewall-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firewall-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firewalld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/firmware-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/five-or-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flameshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flash-player-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flash.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flashplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flashplayerproperties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flatpak-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flatseal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flegita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flickr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/flock-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fluid.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fma-config-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/folder-remote-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/folder-wine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/folder_doc_q4os_startmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/foliate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fondo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/font-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/font-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fonts.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/four-in-a-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/foursquare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/foxit-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/foxitpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/foxitreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fr.free.Homebank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fr.handbrake.ghb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fractal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fragments.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/franz.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freecad-daily.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freecad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freefilesync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freemind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freeminer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freeoffice-planmaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freeoffice-presentations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freeoffice-textmaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/freetuxtv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fritzing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fritzing_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/frostwire.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fusion-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/fwbuilder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gEcrit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gaiksaurus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gajim.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/galculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/galeon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gallery-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gallery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/galternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gambitchess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gbrainy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcalculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcbalculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcleaner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcolor.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcolor2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcolor3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcompris-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcompris-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcompris.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gconf-cleaner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gconf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gconfeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcr-gnupg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcr-key-pair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcr-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcr-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gcrystal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gda-browser-5.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gda-control-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gddccontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdeb.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdebi.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdevilspie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdiskdump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdm-login-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdm-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdm-xnest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdm.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdm2setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdmap.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdmap_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdmflexiserver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdmsetup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdu-check-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gdu-encrypted-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/geany.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/geary.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gecrit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedbi.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedit-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedit-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedit1.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gedit2.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/geeqie.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gemini.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/genymotion-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/genymotion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/geogebra-classic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/geogebra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gfeedline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ghetto-skype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gimp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gis-weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/git-cola.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/git-dag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/git-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/git.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gitg.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/github-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/github.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gitk.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gitkraken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gjots2.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gkdebconf-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gkdebconf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gkrellm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gksu-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gksu-root-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gksu.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glViewImage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glade-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glade.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glchess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glines.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glippy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/glxinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmail-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmail-notify-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmail-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmail-plasmoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmail.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmailwatcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gmusicbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnect.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnethogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnibbles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnobots.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnobots2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnochm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnoduino.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-2048.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-about-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-abrt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-activity-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-aisleriot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-alsamixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-app-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-apt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-baker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-balsa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-balsa2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-books.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-boxes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-character-map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-characters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-chess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-clocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-color-chooser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-color-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-control-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-cups-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-desktop-item-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-dev-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-devel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-device-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-disk-utility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-disks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-display-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-display-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-dsiplay-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-emacs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-encfs-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-eterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-freecell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-glchess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-glines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-gmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-gmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-gnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-gnibbles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-gnibbless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-hearts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-hideseek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-iagno.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-internet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-klotski.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-layout-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-lightsoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-logo-icon-transparent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-logo-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-logout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-logs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-maps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mouse-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mplayer-dbg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-mpv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-multi-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-network-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-nibbles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-paint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-drawer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-fish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-force-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-separator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-window-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-planner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-pomodoro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-power-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-power-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-quadrapassel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-rdp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-remote-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-robots.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-samegnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-screenruler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-search-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session-halt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session-suspend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-set-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-default-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-keybinding.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-shell-extension-prefs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-shutdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-sound-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-status.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-sudoku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-swell-foop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-system-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-system-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-system-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tali.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-taquin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-term.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tetraves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tetravex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-tweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-twitch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-usage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-user-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-window-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-wm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome-xterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnome_apps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnomebaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnomine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnote.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnotes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnotravex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnucash-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnucash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnugo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnugo48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gnupg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-exchange.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-fedora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-flickr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-foursquare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-google.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-lastfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-live.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-microsoft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-msn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-owncloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-pocket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-telegram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-todoist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-ubuntusso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account-yahoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goa-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/godot.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goland.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/golang.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/goldendict.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome-developer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome-unstable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chrome2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-chromium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-earth-pro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-earth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-play-music-desktop-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/google.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/googlechrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/googledrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/googlemusicframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gourmet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gp.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpa.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpaint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gparted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpaste.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpick.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpicview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpk-prefs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpk-repo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpk-service-pack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpmdp.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gprename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gpxsee.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grandr.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/graphics-image-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/graphics-image-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/graphics-viewer-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gravit-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/greader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/green-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grive.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grsync-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grsync.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/grub-customizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gscan2pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gscreenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gsd-xrandr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gsearchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gsmartcontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gstreamer-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtali.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtg.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gthumb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtick.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-dialog-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-lshw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-missing-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-recordmydesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-redshift.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-theme-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk-youtube-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk3-demo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk3-icon-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk3-widget-factory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk4-demo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk4-widget-factory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtk_info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkam-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkconfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkhash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtklp.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtklpq.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtkwave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtubeclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gtwitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/guayadeque.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gufw.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gufw_menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/guitar-pro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/guitarix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/guitarix2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/guvcview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gvfsd-archive-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gvim.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gwenview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gworldclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gx_head.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gxine.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/gydl.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/h2-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/haguichi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hamsket.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/handbrake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/harddrake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/harddrake2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hardinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hb-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help-faq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/help_index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hexchat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hi48-app-wireshark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hi64-apps-ffado.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hitori.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/homebank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hotwire.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hourglass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hp-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hp-toolbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hp_logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hplip.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hplj1020_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hterm.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/htop.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hugin.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hwbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hwinfo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/hydrogen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/i-network-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/iagno.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-engine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-setup-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-setup-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ibus.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/icaconfigmgr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/icaconncenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/icamanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/icaselfservice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/icons.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/iconthemes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/idea-ultimate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/idea.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/idle.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/idle3.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/iease-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/im-chooser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/im-msn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/im.pidgin.Pidgin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/im.riot.Riot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/im.vector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/image-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imageburner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imagej.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imagej1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imagemagick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imagewriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imaginario.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imagination.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/imap.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-china-weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-cpufreq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-keylock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-privacy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-sensors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-sound-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-stickynotes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-virtual-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/indicator-weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/info.olasagasti.revelation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/info.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/inkscape-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/inkscape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/inkscape.viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/input-joystick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/input-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/input-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/input_device_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/insomnia-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/insomnia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/instantbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea-ce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea-community.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea-ue-bundled-jre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea-ultimate-edition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea-ultimate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij-idea.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/intellij_idea.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-chat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-feed-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-news-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-telephony.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet-web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/internet_mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.atom.Atom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.atom.electron.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.bit3.WhatsAppQT.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.brackets.Brackets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.designer.GravitDesigner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.element.Element.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.appcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.files.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.meteo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.photos-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.screenshot-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.switchboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.elementary.wingpanel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.Celluloid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.Hexchat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.Pithos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.Qalculate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.antimicrox.antimicrox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.celluloid-player.Celluloid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.celluloid_player.Celluloid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.cloose.CuteMarkEd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.gustavoperedo.VideoDownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.jkozera.ZevDocs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.lainsce.Notejot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.openWMail.openWMail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.qalculate.Qalculate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.ExFalso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.github.wxmaxima_developers.wxMaxima.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.gitlab.o20.onenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.gitlab.o20.word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.gitlab.sdl_jstest.sdl2_jstest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.gitlab.sdl_jstest.sdl_jstest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.liri.Calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.liri.Text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.lmms.LMMS.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.lmms.Lmms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.mpv.Mpv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.mrarm.mcpelauncher-ui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.mrarm.mcpelauncher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.neovim.nvim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.photoflare.photoflare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/io.typora.Typora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/iok.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ipython-notebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ipython.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ipython3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/irix.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/iso-image-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/isoimagewriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/istanbul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jack_mixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jami.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-1.6.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-1.7.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-1.8.0-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-1.8.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-1.9.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-10-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-11-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-12-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-13-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java-14-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java10-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java11-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java12-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java13-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java14-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java8-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/java9-openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/javaws.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jdownloader-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jdownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jeex.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-clion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-datagrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-intellij-idea.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-intellij.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-phpstorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-pycharm-edu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-pycharm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-rider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-rubymine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jetbrains-webstorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jockey-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jockey-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jockey.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/joplin-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/joplin.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/josm-latest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/josm.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jotasync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jstest-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/juffed.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/juk.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/julia.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jupyter-console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jupyter-notebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/jupyter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/k3b.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/k9-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/k9copy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kaccess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kaddressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kaffeine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kalarm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kalgebra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-bugs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-burpsuite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-database-assessment-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-docs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-info-gathering-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-macchanger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-p0f.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-password-attacks-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-recordmydesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-reporting-tools-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-reverse-engineering-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-social-engineering-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-system-services-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-truecrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-vuln-assessment-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-wireless-attacks-trans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kali-wireshark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kalu.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kamerka.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kamoso.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kamule.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kanagram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kappfinder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/karbon.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kate.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kate2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/katomic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kazam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kbabeldict.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kbackup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kblocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kblogger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kbugbuster.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kbugster.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcalc.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcharselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kchart.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kchmviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmkicker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmkwm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmpci.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmprocessor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmsound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcmx.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcnmsound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcolorchooser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kcontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-frameworks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-gtk-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-im-log-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-telepathy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kde.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdeapp.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kded5.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdenlive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdepim-dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdepim-googledrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdevelop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdf.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdiskfree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kdmconfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kedit-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kedit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keditbookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keepass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keepass2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keepassx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keepassx2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keepassxc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kentoo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/key_bindings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/keyring-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kfilebox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kfind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kflickr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kfm.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kfontview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kfourinline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kget.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kgpg.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/khelpcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kid3-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kid3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kimtoy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kindd.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kino.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kipi-dngconverter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kipi-expoblending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kipi-panorama.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kiriki.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kitty.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kjobviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kjots.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kjournal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kjumpingcube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/klavaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kleopatra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/klettres.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/klipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmag.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmail.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmail2.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmailcvt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmenu.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmenuedit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmines.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmix.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmousetool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kmymoney.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knemo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knetattach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knewsticker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knights.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knotes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/knotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kodi.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kolourpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kompare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konqueror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konsole-linux32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konsole_tux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konsolekalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kontact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/konversation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kopete.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kopete2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/korg-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/korg-todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/korgac.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/korganizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/korora-welcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpackage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpackage48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpager.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpat.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpatience.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpersonalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kphoto.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kphotoalbum.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpk-desktop-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpk-desktop-xfce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kplato.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kpresenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krdc.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krfb.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krita.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kritagemini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kritasketch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kruler.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krunner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krusader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krusader_blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krusader_red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krusader_root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/krusader_user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kscreengenie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kscreensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kscreenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksensors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kshutdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksmiletris.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksmserver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksnapshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksnip.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksplash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kspread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kstars.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kstars_colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksudoku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksysguard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ksysguardd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kterm.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktexteditorautobrace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kthesaurus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktimer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktip.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktnef.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktneft.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktouch.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktp-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ktuberling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kube-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kuickshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kuiviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kuser.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kvantum.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwalletmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwalletmanager2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwikdisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwin.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kword.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwords.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kwrite.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kylin-user-guide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kylin-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kynaptic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/kynpatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/l3afpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/labplot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/labplot2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lash.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/last-fm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lastfm-audioscrobbler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lastfm-valut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lastfm-www.last.fm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lastfm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lastpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/latexila.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/latte-dock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/launch.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lazpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/leafpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/leftpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/leocad.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libinput-gestures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/library-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-start-centre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice34.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice5.4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.2-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.3-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice6.4-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreoffice7.0-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.0-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/libreofficedev6.1-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/light-software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/light_neovim_gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lightdm-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lightread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lightsoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linconnect-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lingot-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linguist-qt4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linguist-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linguist5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linguistic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/linssid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liteautologin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litedesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liteinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litemanual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litenetworkshares.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litesoftware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litesoundsglob.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litesources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/litesystemreport.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liteupdates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liteupdatesnotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liteusermanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/live-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/live.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/livepatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/liveusb-creator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/livewallpaper-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/livewallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lmms.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/locale.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/location-services-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lock-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lock-screen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lock.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/login-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/login.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/logjam.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/logview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/logviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lokalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lollypop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lookswitcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lpi-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lrfviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lshw.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lskat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lubuntu-software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/luckyBackup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/luckybackup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/luminance-hdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_dont-starve-together.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_dont-starve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_godot-engine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_kpatience.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_krita-gemini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_minecraft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_minetest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_rimworld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lutris_terraria.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lximage-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lximage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lxmusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lxtask.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/lxterminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/macchanger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mail-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mail-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mail-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mailer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mailnag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mailspring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mandrivaupdate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/manjaro-settings-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/manjaro-welcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/maps.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/marble.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mark-location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/marker.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/marlin.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/master-pdf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/masterpdfeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/masterpdfeditor3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/masterpdfeditor4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/masterpdfeditor5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-ax-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-color-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-desktop-item-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-disk-usage-analyzer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-eiciel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-indicator-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-netspeed-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-network-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-notification-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-fish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-force-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-notification-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-separator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-window-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-window-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel-workspace-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-power-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-power-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-preferences-desktop-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-sensors-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-session-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-sticky-notes-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate-system-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mate.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mateconf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/matepalimpsest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/matlab-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/matlab.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/maxima-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/maxima-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/maxima.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mcpelauncher-ui-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mcpelauncher-ui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mdmflexiserver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mdmsetup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/me-tv.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/me.mitya57.ReText.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/media-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/media-player-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/media-player-banshee.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mediacontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mediawriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/medit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mega.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/meld.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mendeley.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mendeleydesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/menu-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/menulibre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/messagebox_info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/messengerfordesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/metacity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/meteo-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/meterbridge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/meterbridge32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/microscope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/microsoft-edge-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/microsoft-office-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mindmaster.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minecraft-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minecraft-pi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minecraft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minetest-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minetest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mini.xterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mini.xterm_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mini.xterm_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minimizeall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minitube-ubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/minitube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintBackup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintNanny.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintUpdate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintWelcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintbackup-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintbackup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintdrivers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintlocale-im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintnanny.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintreport.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintsources-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintsources-mint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintsources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintstick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintupdate-release-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintupdate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mintwelcome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mirovideoconverter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mitter.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mixxx-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mixxx.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mkv-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mkvmerge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mkvmergeGUI.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mkvtoolnix-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mlcad.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/modem-manager-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mouse.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mousepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mozilla-firefox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mozilla-thunderbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mozo.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mpd.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mpv-icon-8bit-64x64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mpv.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-office.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-onenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-outlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-skype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ms-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mscore-portable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mscore.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mscore3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/msiexec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mtpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mudita24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mugshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mula-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multibootusb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multilingual-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia-audio-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia-photo-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia-video-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multimedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multisystem-liveusb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multisystem-test-iso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multisystem-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multisystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/multitasking-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/muon-discover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/muon.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/muondis-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/muondiscover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mupdf.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/musescore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/music_icon-24.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-clocky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-findshares.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-menu-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-system-sounds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-timeset-gui-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mx-usb-unmounter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mypaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/mysql-workbench.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nautilus-actions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nautilus-cd-burner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nautilus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nemo.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/neovim.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nepomuk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.ankiweb.Anki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.codeindustry.MasterPDFEditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.cozic.joplin_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.jami.Jami.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.lutris.Lutris.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.minetest.Minetest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.pcsx2.PCSX2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.rpdev.OpenTodoList.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.scribus.Scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.sourceforge.Chessx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.sourceforge.Klavaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.sourceforge.maxima.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.sourceforge.qtpfsgui.LuminanceHDR.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.sourceforge.xournal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.supertuxkart.SuperTuxKart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.xm1math.Texmaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.xmind.XMind8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/net.xmind.ZEN.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/netbeans-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/netbeans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/netease-cloud-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/network-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/network-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/networkmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/news-feed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nimbus.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nl.hjdskes.Gcolor3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nl.openoffice.bluefish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nmm_qt_client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/noblenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nocover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/noise.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nomacs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notepad-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notes.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notifyconf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/notion.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ntfs-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nutstore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nuvolaplayer3_deezer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nuvolaplayer3_google_play_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nuvolaplayer3_spotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nuvolaplayer3_youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvdock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-310-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-current-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-ddm-mx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvidia.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvim-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvim-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nvim.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nx-software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nx-software-updater.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nxclient-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nxterm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nylas-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nylas.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/nz.mega.MEGAsync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/obconf-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/obconf.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/obs.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octave-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octave-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octave.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octavebackend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octopi-repoeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/octopi.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/office-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/office-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/office-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/office-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oggconvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ogmrip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/okteta.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/okular.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/onboard-mono.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/onboard-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/onboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account-fastmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account-google.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account-lastfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account-microsoft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/online-accounts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/onlyoffice-desktopeditors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/onlyoffice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ooo-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openbravo-erp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opencubicplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openerp-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openjdk-9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openoffice4-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openofficeorg-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openofficeorg3-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openofficeorg3.0-printeradmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openshot-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opentodolist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/openwmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera-browser-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera-browser-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/opera.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oracle-javaws.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oracle_java6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oracle_java7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oracle_java8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oracle_java9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/orage.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/orage_globaltime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/orca.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.20.notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.aegisub.Aegisub.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.apache.netbeans-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.apache.netbeans.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.ardour.Ardour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.ardour.Ardour5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.atheme.audacious.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.audacious_media_player.Audacious.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.audacityteam.Audacity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.avidemux.Avidemux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.baedert.corebird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.blender.Blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.bunkus.mkvtoolnix-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.chromium.Chromium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.claws_mail.Claws-Mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.clawsmail.Claws.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.clementine_player.Clementine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.codeblocks.codeblocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.cunidev.gestures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.daa.NeovimGtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.darktable.Darktable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-image-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-screen-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-voice-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.delugetorrent.Deluge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.dharkael.Flameshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.eclipse.Committers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.eclipse.Eclipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.eclipse.Java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.eclipse.Javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.electronjs.Electron2.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.electronjs.Electron3.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.electronjs.Electron4.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.electronjs.Electron5.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.electronjs.Electron6.BaseApp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.equeim.Tremotesf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.fedoraproject.MediaWriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.flameshot.Flameshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.flatpak.qtdemo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.GlxInfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.GnomeAbrt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.MalcontentControl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Piper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freedesktop.problems.applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.freefilesync.FreeFileSync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.fritzing.Fritzing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gabmus.gfeeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gabmus.gnome-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gabmus.hydrapaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gajim.Gajim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.geany.Geany.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.geeqie.Geeqie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.geogebra.GeoGebra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gimp.GIMP.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gmusicbrowser.gmusicbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.2048.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Aisleriot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Atomix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Baobab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.BatteryBench.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Books.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Boxes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Calculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Camara.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.CharacterMap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Characters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Cheese.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Chess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.ChromeGnomeShell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Clocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.ColorProfileViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Devhelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.EasyTAG.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Empathy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Eolie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Epiphany.Devel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Evince-previewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Evince.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Evolution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Extensions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.FileRoller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Files.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Firmware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Five-or-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.FontManager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.FontViewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Fonts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Four-in-a-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Fractal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Fragments.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.GSmartControl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.GTG.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Geany.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Geary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Glade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Gnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Gtranslator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Hitori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Iagno.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Klotski.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.LightsOff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Logs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Mahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Maps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Meld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Mines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Mpv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Nibbles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.PasswordSafe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Pitivi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Polari.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Pomodoro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.PowerStats.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Quadrapassel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Reversi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Rhythmbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Robots.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Seahorse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.SimpleScan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Software.Editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.SoundJuicer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Sudoku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.SwellFoop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Sysprof.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Sysprof2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Sysprof3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Tali.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Taquin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Tetravex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.TextEditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Totem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Tour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Tweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.TwentyFortyEight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Usage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg} tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.Yelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.almanah.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.baobab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.bijiben.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.books.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.cheese.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.chess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.clocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.dconf-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.eog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.epiphany.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.feedreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.files.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.five-or-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.four-in-a-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gThumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gbrainy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gedit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gitg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gitlab.somas.Apostrophe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gnome-2048.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gnome-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.gnome-mahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.hitori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.iagno.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.lollypop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.mahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.maps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.meld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.nautilus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.powerstats.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.quadrapassel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.seahorse.Application.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.taquin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.tetravex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.totem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.tweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.weather.application.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnome.wolf.Apostrophe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnu.emacs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gnucash.GnuCash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.godotengine.Godot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gtk.Demo3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gtk.Demo4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gtk.WidgetFactory3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gtk.WidgetFactory4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.gtkhash.gtkhash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.hydrogenmusic.Hydrogen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.jdownloader.JDownloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.joplinapp.joplin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.Gwenview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.akregator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.artikulate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.babe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.blinken.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.blogilo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.bomber.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligraauthor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligragemini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligraplan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligrasheets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligrastage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.calligrawords.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.digikam.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.discover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.dolphin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.dragon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.dragonplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.elisa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.filelight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.gcompris.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.gwenview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.juk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.k3b.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kaddressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kalarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kamoso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kanagram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.karbon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.katomic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kblocks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kcalc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kcharselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kcolorchooser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kdeconnect.kcm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kdenlive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kdesearch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kdevelop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kfourinlines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kgpg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kid3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kimtoy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kiriki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kjots.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kjumpingcube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kleopatra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.klettres.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmahjongg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmail2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kmymoney.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.knetattach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.knotes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kolourpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kompare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.konqueror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.konsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kontact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.konversation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.korganizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kpat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.krdc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.krename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.krfb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.krusader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kstars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ksudoku.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ktimer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ktorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ktouch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ktuberling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.kwrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.lokalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.lskat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.marble.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.mobile.calindori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.okular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.partitionmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.phone.calindori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.pix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.activitypager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.audiodeviceswitcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.icontasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.katesessions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.konsoleprofiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.mediacontrollercompact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.mediaframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.multimediacontrols.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.pager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.printmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.quicklaunch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.showactivitymanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.userswitch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.userswitcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.uswitcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.webbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.resourcesMonitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.ring-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.showfoto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.skanlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.skrooge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.spectacle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.thermalMonitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.trojita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.vvave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.weatherWidget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kde.yakuake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.kitone.subtitleeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.krita.krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.ksnip.ksnip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.leocad.LeoCAD.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.startcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.midori_browser.Midori.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mixxx.Mixxx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.Firefox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.FirefoxDevEdition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightly.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightlyWayland.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.Thunderbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mozilla.firefox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.musescore.MuseScore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.mypaint.MyPaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.neovim.nvim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.nongnu.lingot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.nxos.softwarecenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.o20.openpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.o20.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.o20.word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.octave.Octave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.octave.Octave_64_64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.olivevideoeditor.Olive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.onlyoffice.desktopeditors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.openshot.OpenShot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.openstreetmap.josm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.pantheon.noise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.phoenicis.playonlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.photoqt.PhotoQt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.ppsspp.PPSSPP.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.pulseaudio.pavucontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.pwmt.zathura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.qt-project.qtcreator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.quassel_irc.QuasselClient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.qutebrowser.qutebrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.raspberrypi.rpi-imager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.remmina.Remmina.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.scintilla.SciTE.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.signal.Signal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.soundconverter.SoundConverter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.speedcrunch.SpeedCrunch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.stellarium.Stellarium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.supertux.SuperTux-Milestone1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.supertux.SuperTux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.supertuxproject.SuperTux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.synfig.SynfigStudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.telegram.desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.texstudio.TeXstudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.tlauncher.TLauncher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.tordini.flavio.Minitube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.torproject.torbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.tug.texworks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.videolan.VLC.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.vim.Vim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.virt_manager.virt-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.virt_manager.virt-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.wireshark.Wireshark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.wireshark.gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.wireshark.qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.wxhexeditor.wxHexEditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.Dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.PanelProfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.Parole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.appfinder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.catfish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.mailreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.actions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.applicationsmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.pager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.separator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.statustray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.parole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.powermanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.default-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.settings.preferred-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.thunar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.volman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.workspaces.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfdashboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.yorba.geary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.zim_wiki.Zim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.zimwiki.Zim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/org.zotero.Zotero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/osmo.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/otd.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/overgrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/oxygen.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/p7zip-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/p7zip.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package-manager-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_development_debugger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_development_tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_editors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_edutainment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_favourite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_games_board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_games_card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_graphics_photography.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_graphics_scanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_internet_email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_internet_news-feed-reader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_internet_newsreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_multimedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_multimedia_audiomixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_multimedia_audioplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_multimedia_jukebox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_office_addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_toys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_utilities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_utilities_web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/package_wordprocessing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/palaura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/palimpsest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pamac-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pamac-updater.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pamac.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pan.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/panel-applets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/panel-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/panel.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/panini.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/paprefs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/parcellite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/parole.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/paromplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/partitionmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/partitions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/password-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/passwords.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/passwordsafe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pattern-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pattern-kde4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pattern-x11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pavucontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pcb.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pcloud.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pcsx-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pcsx2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pcsxr-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdf-presenter-console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdfarranger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdfmod.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdfshuffler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdfslicer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pdftag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/peazip.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/persepolis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pgAdmin4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pgadmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pgadmin3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pgadmin4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/phoenicis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/phonon-gstreamer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photo.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photofiltrelx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photoflare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photolayoutseditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photoqt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/photos.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/php.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/phpmyadmin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/phpstorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pick-colour-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pidgin-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pidgin.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pinta.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pirut.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pithos.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pitivi.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pix.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pk-package-sources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pkgbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plan.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/planetkde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plank.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/planner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/planwork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasma-media-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasma-mobile-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasma-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasma.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasmadiscover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasmagik.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plasmashell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/playmymusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/playonlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/playonlinux32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plugin-colorfilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plugin-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plugin-wallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plugins-accessibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plv.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/plymouth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pnmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/polari.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pomidor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pomotroid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pop3.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/popcorn-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/popcorntime-ce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/popcorntime-ru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/popcorntime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/popsicle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/porthole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/postman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/postscript-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ppsspp.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-certificates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-composer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-apps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-assistive-technology.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-desktop-wallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-online-accounts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-tweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-workspaces.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-devices-cpu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-devices-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-devices-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-devices-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-gtk-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-kde-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-mail-accounts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-releasenotes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-remote-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-security-apparmor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-security-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-security-kerberos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-security.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-backup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-bluetooth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-cron.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-hotcorners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-login.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-iscsi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-nis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-ntp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-boot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-dhcp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-dns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-installation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-iscsi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-kerberos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-ldap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-nis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-share-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-slp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-parental-controls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-performance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-power-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-power.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-privacy-housekeeping.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-privacy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-sharing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-splash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-startup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-tabbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-windows-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-tweaks-anim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-tweaks-cerbere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-tweaks-shadows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-ubuntu-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-virtualization-container.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-virtualization-vm-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-virtualization-vm-migrate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-virtualization-vm-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-virtualization-vm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-wallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-adblock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/preferences_system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/printer-driver-deepin-cloud-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/printer1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/printersandfax_q4os_startmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/printmgr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/proxy.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/psensor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ptask.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ptbatcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/puddletag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pulseeffects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pup.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/putty.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pycad.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pycharm-community.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pycharm-education.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pycharm-professional.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pycharm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pychess.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/pynvim.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python2.6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python2.7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/python3.5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/q4_findmenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/q4_netcon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/q4os-updatemgr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/q4wine.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qalculate-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qalculate-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qalculate-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qalculate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qalculator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qbittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qdbusviewer-qt4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qdbusviewer-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qdbusviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qdbusviewer5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qdirstat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-system-aarch64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-system-arm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-system-i386.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-system-x86_64-spice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu-system-x86_64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qemu.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qgit.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qgo.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qjackctl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qjadeo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qjournalctl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qjoypad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qlandkartegt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qlipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qmapshack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qmlscene.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qopenvpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qpdfview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qps.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qq-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qq.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qqmusic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qshutdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt-creator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt4-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt4logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt5-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qt5ct.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtassistant.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtconfig-qt4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtconfig-qt5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtconfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtcreator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtcreator_logo_32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtcreatorubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtdbusviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtdesigner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtemu.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qterminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtlinguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtlinguistic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtlogo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtoctave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qtrans.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quadrapassel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quassel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quasselclient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quickDocs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quiterss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/quodlibet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qupzilla.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qutebrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qv4l2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/qvidcap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/r.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rambox-os.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rambox.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/randr.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rbackend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rclock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/realtimesync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/reco.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/record-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/recordmydesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/red_glasses.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-filemanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-server_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-system_tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat-web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redhat.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redict.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redream.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redshift-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redshift-icon-256.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redshift.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/redshiftgui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/regextester.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/regexxer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rekonq.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/reload.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/remmina.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/remote-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/resapplet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rest.getinsomnia.Designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rest.getinsomnia.Insomnia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rest.insomnia.Designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rest.insomnia.Insomnia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/retext.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/revelation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rhel.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rhythmbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rider.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rimworld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ring-jami.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ring-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ring.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/riot-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/riot.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rip.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ripperx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ristretto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rosa-imagewriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rosamp.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/roxterm-gtk3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/roxterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rpi-imager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rpi.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rpmdrake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rss.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rssguard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rssnow.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rssowl.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rstudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rubymine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/rubyripper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sabaki.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sage-notebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/samba.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/samsung-driver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sc-controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scans2pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scid.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scratch-text-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screen-recorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screengrab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenie-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenrecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenruler-icon-32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenruler-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screenruler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/screensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scribus-ng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scribus-trunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/script-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/scudcloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/seahorse-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/seahorse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/searchmonkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/securecrt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/securecrt_64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/securefx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/security-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/selene.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/semn.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sense_emu_gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sequeler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/session-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/setroubleshoot_red_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sgt-mines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sh.popcorntime.PopcornTime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/share.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sheets.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/shotwell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/show-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/show-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/showdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/showfoto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/showimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/shredder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/shuffler-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/shutter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sigil.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/signal-desktop-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/signal-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/signal.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sigram.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/silicon-128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/silicon-22.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/silicon-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/silicon-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/silicon-64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/simple-ccsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/simple-scan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/simplenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/simplescreenrecorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skanlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skrooge-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skrooge-initial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skrooge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skype.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skype_protocol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/skypeforlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/slack.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sleep.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/slidewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/slimjet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/slingscold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smartcode-stremio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smartgit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smartgithg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smtube.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smuxi-frontend-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/smuxi.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-properties-mint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-sources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-store.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-update-available.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software-update-urgent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/softwarecenter-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/softwarecenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sogou_notify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sogoupinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/solaar.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sonata.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sound-juicer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/soundconverter-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/soundconverter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/soundkonverter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spacefm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spectacle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/speedcrunch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify-linux-48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify-linux-512x512.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify-web-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotify_A.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/spotifywebplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sqlitebrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sqliteman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sqlitestudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stacer.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stage.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/starcal2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stardict_16x16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stardict_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-archlinux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-debian.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-fedora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-korora.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-linux-mint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-lubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-manjaro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-opensuse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-ubuntu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/start-here-xfce.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/startupmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/staruml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_105600.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_219740.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_280680.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_286160.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_294100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_322330.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_365670.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_404790.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steam_icon_415890.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steamos-logo-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/steampowered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stellarium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sticky-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_dialog-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_help-agent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_insert_note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_keyring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_new-meeting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stoken-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/streamlink-twitch-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stremio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/strigi.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/studio.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/style.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/stylesheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime-text-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime-text-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime-text2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime3-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime_merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublime_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublimemerge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sublimetext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/subtitlecomposer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/subtitleeditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jdk9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jre10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java-jre8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java32-jdk5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java32-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java32-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java32-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-java8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jdk10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jdk9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jre10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws-jre8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jdk10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jdk9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jre10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sun_java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/supertux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/supertux2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/supertuxkart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/supertuxkart_128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/susehelpcenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/susers.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/svgcleaner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/swcentre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sweeper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/swell-foop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/switchuser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sylpheed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/synaptic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/syncthing-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/syncthing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/syncthingtray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/synfig_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/syntevo-smartgit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sysprof-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/sysprof.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-boot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-displayca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-config-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-file-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-lock-screen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-log-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-os-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-os-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-restart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-save-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-shut-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-shutdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-software-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-software-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-suspend-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-suspend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-switch-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-switch-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system-utilities-logviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/system76-driver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/systemback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/systemsettings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tagua.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tali.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tdenetworkmanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tdescreensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tdevelop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tdmconfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/teams-for-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/teams.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/teamviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/telegram-classic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/telegram-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/telegram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/telepathy-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/telepathy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terasology.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminal-tango.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminator-128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terminology.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terra.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/terraria.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/texmaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/texmaker128x128.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/texstudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/text-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/textadept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/theme-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thermal-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunar-filemanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunar.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-3.0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-beta-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-branded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-early-bird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird-trunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/thunderbolt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tigervnc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tild.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tilda.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tilix.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/time-admin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/time.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/timekpr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/timeset-gui-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/timeshift.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/timevault.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tint2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tint2conf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tixati.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tkpacman-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tkpacman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tlauncher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/todoist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tomboy-16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tomboy-32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tomboy-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tomboy-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tomboy.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/topmenu-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tor-browser-en.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tor-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/torbrowser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/totem.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transgui-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transgui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/translator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transmission-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transmission-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transmission-remote-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transmission-remote-qt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/transmission.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tremotesf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/trojita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/truecrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tsclient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tutanota-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tuxboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tuxpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tv.kodi.Kodi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tvmaxe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/tvtime.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/twin.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/twitux.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/typhoon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/typora.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/uberwriter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubiquity-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubiquity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-cleaner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-kylin-software-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-logo-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-mate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-online-tour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu-qtcreator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntuone-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntuone-installer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntuone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntuoneUP.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ubuntusoftware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ufw-frontends.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/uget-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/uget.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/uk.co.ibboard.cawbird.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ukui-power-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ukui-power-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ulauncher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/un-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unetbootin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-color-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-control-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-datetime-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-display-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-lens-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-power-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-scope-gdrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-sound-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-tweak-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-amazoncloudreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-gmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-google-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-hotmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-lastfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-outlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-telegram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-yahoo-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-yahoo-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-yahoonews.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/unity-webapps-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/update-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/update-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/update.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/urxvt.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/urxvt_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/us.zoom.Zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/usb-creator-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/usb-creator-kde.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/usb-creator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/user-admin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/user-file-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/user-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/user_auth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/user_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/userdrake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/userinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/users-admin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/users.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-dictionary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-energy-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-file-archiver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-log-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-root-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-system-monitor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-terminal-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-terminal_su.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-text-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities-x-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/utilities_terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/uxterm.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vala-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vala-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/variety-slideshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/variety.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vbox.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/veracrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/veracrypt.xpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/verbiste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/viber.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vidcutter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/video-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vidiot.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/viewnior.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vim-qt.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vim.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vimlogo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vinagre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virt-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virt-viewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virtual-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virtualbox-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virtualbox-ose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/virtualbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/visual-studio-code-insiders.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/visual-studio-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/visualstudiocode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vivaldi-beta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vivaldi-snapshot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vivaldi-stable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vivaldi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vlc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmnetcfg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmware-netcfg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmware-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmware-workstation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vmware.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vokoscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vokoscreenNG.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/volume-knob.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vsc.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vscode.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vscodium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vso.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vuescan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/vvave.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wallpaper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wallstreet-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/waterfox-classic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/waterfox-current.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/waterfox-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/waterfox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wayland.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/weather-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-amazon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-browser-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-discord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-fastmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-flickr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-gmail-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-gmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-maps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-play-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-google-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-hotmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-lastfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-lastpass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-onenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-outlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-spotify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-telegram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-whatsapp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/web-yahoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/webbrowser-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/webide.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/webstorm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wechat.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wewechat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whaawmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsapp-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsapp-for-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsapp-nativefier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsapp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsappfordesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/whatsdesk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wicd-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wicd.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wifi-radar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/window-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/window_list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/windowshuffler-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-mlcad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-notepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-uninstaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-winecfg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-winefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine-winetricks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wine_notepad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winecfg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winemine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winetricks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wingpanel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winhelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winusb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winusbgui-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/winusbgui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wireshark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wmail.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wmtweaks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/woeusbgui-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wokoscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wordpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/words.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-overview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-switcher-left-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-switcher-right-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-switcher-right-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-switcher-top-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/workspace-switcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wp.svg      tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wpa_gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office-etmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office-kingsoft.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office-wppmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office-wpsmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office2019-etmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office2019-kprometheus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office2019-pdfmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office2019-wppmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-office2019-wpsmain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-pres.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wps-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/www-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wxHexEditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wxcas.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wxlame.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/wxmaxima.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-office-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-office-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-office_mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-pdf.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-system-software-sources.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x-terminal-emulator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x.svg       tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/x11.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xame.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xapp.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xar.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xarchiver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xboard.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xcalc.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchat-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchat-mini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchess.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchm-48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xchm.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xclipboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xclock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xdg-browser-launcher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xdiagnose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xdman.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xed.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xedit.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xemacs.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfburn.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-devel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-dict.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-filemanager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-man.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-mount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-newmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-sensors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-system-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-system-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-system-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-theme-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-ui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-appfinder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-backdrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-battery-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-calculator-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-clipman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-color-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-cpufreq-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-dict.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-eyes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-indicator-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-mcs-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-menueditor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-mixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-netload-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-notifyd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-panel-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-panel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-power-manager-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-sample-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-splash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-statusnotifier-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-stopwatch-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-system-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-taskbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-terminal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-time-out-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-timer-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-timer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-ui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-weather.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4-workspaces.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce4_xicon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfce_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfdashboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfmail.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfp.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfpm-suspend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-hibernate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-logout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-shutdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-suspend.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-switch-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfsm-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfw.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xfwm4.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ximian-evolution-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/ximian-evolution-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xine.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xinput_calibrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xmag.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xmind.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xmms.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xorg.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xournal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xournalpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xpad.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xpdf.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xpdf9.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xplayer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xreader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xsane.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xscreensaver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xsensors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xt7-player-mpv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm-color_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm-color_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm_32x32.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterm_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xterminator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xvidcap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/xviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yad.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yakuake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yandex-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-addon-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-addon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-apparmor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-auth-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-autoyast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-bootloader.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-checkmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-control-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-create-new-vm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-device-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-dhcp-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-dns-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-docker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-dsl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-fcoe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-fonts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-ftp-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-hardware-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-hardware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-high_availability.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-host.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-http-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-hwinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-inetd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-installation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-instserver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-iscsi-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-iscsi-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-kerberos-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-kerberos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-kernel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-lan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-ldap-kerberos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-ldap-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-live-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-misc-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-network-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-nis-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-nis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-ntp-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-online_update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-powertweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-proxy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-release-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-samba-client.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-samba-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-security-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-security.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-services-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-slp-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-snapper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-software-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-sudo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-support-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-support.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-sw_single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-sw_source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-sysconfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-tftp-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-update-online-configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-update-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-vendor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-vm-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-vm-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-vm-migrate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-wol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast-x11.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yast2.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-dl-gui.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-dl-gui_48x48.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-dl-qt-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-dl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-dlg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube-music-desktop-app.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yt-dl-gtk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yumex-dnf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/yumex.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zathura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zeal.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zeegaree-lite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zeegaree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zeitgeist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zen-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zenmap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zeroinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zevdocs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zim.svg     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/znotes.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zoom-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zoom-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/apps/zotero.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-headphones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-headsets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-input-microphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/audio-speakers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-cellular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-handheld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-handsfree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-loudspeaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-pointing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman-smart-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/blueman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/camera-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/camera-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/camera-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/cpu.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/drive-virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/gnome-phone-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-dialpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-gaming.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/input-touchpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/joystick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-flash-memory-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-flash-smart-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-memory-sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-blu-ray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-cd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-dvd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-recordable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/media-tape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/multimedia-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-firewall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-wireless-hotspot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/pda.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/printer-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/printer-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/smartphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/stock_cell-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/video-television.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/devices/wiimotedev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/android-package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-acad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-apk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-archive-blank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-archive-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-atom+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-autocad_dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-clariscad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-dicom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-dxf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-epub+zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-font-woff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-geo+json.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-gml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-gnunet-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-gpx+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-gpx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-illustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-json.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-loc+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-mac-binhex40.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-mathml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-metalink+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-metalink4+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-msexcel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-msonenote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-msoutlook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-mspowerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-msword-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-msword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-octet-stream.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-owl+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pgp-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pgp-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pgp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-photoshop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkcs10.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-mime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-signature.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkcs8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkix-cerl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkix-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkix-crl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-pkix-pkipath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-postscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-ram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rdata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rdf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-relaxng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rss_xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rtf-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-shorten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-slf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-sxw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-tcx+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ant.fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.apple.mpegurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.cups-pdf-banner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.fai.igc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.flatpak.repo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.flatpak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.geo+json.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-apps.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-apps.map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-apps.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kmz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.doc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.slides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.kde.bluedevil-sendfile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.kde.fontspackage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.kde.kphotoalbum-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.kde.kxmlguirc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.kde.okular-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-access.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-asf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-htmlhelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-tnef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-wpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.nmea.nmea.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oziexplorer.plt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oziexplorer.rte.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.oziexplorer.wpt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.palm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.squashfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.cal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.base.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.tcpdump.pcap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.visio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-vnd.xdgapp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-winhlp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.doc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.docx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dotx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.potx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.ppt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.pptx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.wps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.wpt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xlt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-wps-office.xltx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-5view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-7z-ace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-7z-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-7z-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-7z-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-acad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-accountwizard-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-addon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-amiga-disk-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-applix-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ardour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-audacity-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-autocad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-blender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-brasero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-bzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cabri.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ccf-container.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-chm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-class-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-clementine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cmakecache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-compress-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-core.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cpio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-cue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-dgn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-dia-diagram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-dlc-container.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-drgeo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-e-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-egon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-etherpeek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-executable-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-extension-eml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-extension-fcstd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-extension-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-extension-rss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-firmware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-flash-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-bdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-dos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-framemaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-libgrx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-linux-psf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-pcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-snf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-speedo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-sunos-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex-tfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-type1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-font-vfont.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gambas3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gambasscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gambasserverpage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gba-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gdbm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-genesis-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-glabels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-glade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gnome-theme-package-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gnumeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gpx+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gpx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-grsync-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gtk-builder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gunmeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gz-font-linux-psf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-gzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-icq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-iff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-img.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ipod-firmware.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-iptrace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-iso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-it87.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-jar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-java-applet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-java-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-jokosher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-k3b.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kcachegrind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kdenlive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-keepass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-keepass2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-keepassx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-keepassxc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kformula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kgeo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kgetlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-khtml-adaptor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kmplot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kolf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kommander.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kontour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kontur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kopete-emoticons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kourse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kplato.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kpresenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-krita-assistant.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-krita-paintoppresent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kseg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ksysguard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ktheme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kudesigner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kva.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kvs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kvtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kwallet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-kwordquiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-labplot2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lanalyzer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lhz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lmms-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lyx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lz4-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lzma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lzop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-lzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-m4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-macbinary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-maff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-marble.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-matroska.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mimearchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mobipocket-ebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-model.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mplayer2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ms-wim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-msdownload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-msexcel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-msi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mswinurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-mswrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-musescore+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-musescore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-n64-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-navi-animation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-nes-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-netinstobserver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-nettl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-nzb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ole-storage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-osm+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-partial-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-patch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pcapng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pem-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pem-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs12.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-planner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-plasma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ptoptimizer-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-python-bytecode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-qet-element.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-qet-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-qtiplot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-quanta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-quattropro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-r-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-radcom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-raw-disk-image-xz-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rdata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-remote-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-riff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rosegarden-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rsdf-container.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sami.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-scel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-shar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-shared-library-la.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sharedlib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-siag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-skg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-skgc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-snoop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sogouskin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-source-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-spkac+base64.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-spkac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-spss-por.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-spss-sav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-srt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-srtrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-stuffit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-subrip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-superkaramba.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tarz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tektronix-rf5.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tex-gf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tex-pk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-texgzdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tgif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-theme-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-trig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-troff-man.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tuberling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-turtle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-tzo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-uml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-visualnetworks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.event.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.freebusy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.collection.virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.akonadi.note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.archived.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.contactgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.work.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.kugar.mixed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.work.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-webarchive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-cpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-inf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-ini.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-its.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-skb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-skp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wine-extension-vbs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xbel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xliff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xpinstall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xz-pkg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-xzpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-yaml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-zerosize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-zoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-x.object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xmind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xsd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-xspf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/application-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/ascii.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-aac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-ac3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-m4a.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-midi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-mp3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-mpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-prs.sid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-shn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-vnd.wave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-adpcm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-aiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-caf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-flac.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-it.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-m4a.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-midi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-monkeys-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-mp2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-mp3-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-mpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-mpegurl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-ms-wax.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-ms-wma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-ofr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-pn-realaudio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-scpls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-tta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-wav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-xi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-xm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/audiobook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/binary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/blank-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/contents2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/divx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-illustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-photoshop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/drawing-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/emblem-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/exec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/folder_tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font-collection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font-otf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font-woff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font_bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font_truetype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/font_type1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/fonts-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gedit-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compress.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-nero-disc-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-nero-linux-compilation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-remote-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-vnc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-killustrator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gnome-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/gtk-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-gif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-jpeg2000.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-png.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-tiff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.dgn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.djvu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.dxf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-vnd.zbrush.pcx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-3ds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-adobe-dng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-dwg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-emf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-eps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-ico.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-krita.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-pcx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-portable.bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-svg+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-tga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-win-bitmap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-win-bmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-wmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image-x-xfig.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/inode-symlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/inode-vnd.kde.service.unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.Unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/internet-feed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/jd-container.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/jpeg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/jpg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/media-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/media-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/media-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/message-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/message-partial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/message-rfc822.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/mime-ascii.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/misc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-fcstd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-vnd.dwf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-vrml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-x.stl-binary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-x3d+binary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-x3d+vrml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-x3d+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model-x3d.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/model.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-alternative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-appledouble.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-digest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-mixed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-related.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/multipart-x-mixed-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/nero-disc-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/nero-linux-compilation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/odf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/office-contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/office-document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/office-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/office-illustration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/office-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice3-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-drawing-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-oasis-web-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-text-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openoffice4-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/opera-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/opera-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/package-gdebi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/package-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/package_editors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/pdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/plan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/pplication-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-asc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-ddf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-dem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-dt0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-dxf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-gml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-img.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-mldata.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-qlr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-qml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-shp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/qgis-sqlite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/rar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/raw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/rpm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/shellscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/source-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/source-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/source-smart-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-master-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/stock_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/svg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-csv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-dockerfile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-enriched-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-enriched.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-html_alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-htmlh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-mathml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-mht.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-r.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-rdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-richtext-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-richtext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-rtf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-sgml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-sqml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-troff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd-wap-wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd.abc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd.qt.linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-R.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-adasrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-apport.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-asm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-authors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-bak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-bibtex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-c++.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-c++hdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-c++src.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-c.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-chdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-cmake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-cobol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-copying.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-cpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-credits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-csharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-csrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-css.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-dtd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-fortran.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-generic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-gettext-translation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-go.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-haskell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-hex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-java-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-javascript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-katefilelist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-kotlin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-kvc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-kvt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-ldif.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-lilypond.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-lua.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-lyx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-makefile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-markdown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-meson.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-microdvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-nfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-objchdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-objcsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-opml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-pascal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-patch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-perl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-php.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-plain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-po.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-python.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-python3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-qml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-r-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-r.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-readme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-rpm-spec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-rsrc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-ruby.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-rust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-sass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-scala.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-scheme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-scss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-sql.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-ssa.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-tcl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-tex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-texinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-typescript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-vala.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-xslfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-xmcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text-xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/text2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/tgz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/torrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/txt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/txt2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-mms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-mmst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-mmsu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-pnm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-rtspt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/uri-rtspu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/vcalendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/vcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-mlt-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-mp2t.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-mp4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-quicktime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-vivo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-wavelet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-webm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-anim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-flic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-flv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-javafx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-matroska.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-mng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-msvideo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-nsv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-sgi-movie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-theora+ogg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-wmv.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/viewbib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/viewdvi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/viewhtml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/viewpdf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/viewps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-hdd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-ova.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-ovf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-vdi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-vhd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/virtualbox-vmdk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/vnd.ms-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wordprocessing-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wordprocessing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-doc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-dot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-dps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-dpt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-et.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-ett.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-pot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-ppt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-wps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-wpt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-xls.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/wps-office-xlt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/www.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-audio-cdda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-audio-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-audio-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-blank-bd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-blank-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-blank-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-blank-hddvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-image-dcf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-image-picturecd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-unix-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-video-bluray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-video-hddvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-video-svcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-video-vcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-content-win32-software.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-gambasserverpage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-mail-distribution-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-media-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-contact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-document-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-document-template-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-document.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/x-world-x-3dmf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/mimetypes/zip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/blue-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/brown-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/certificate-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/custom-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/default-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-brown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-cloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-decrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-gdrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-image-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-magenta.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-onedrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-orange.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-owncloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-private.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-txt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-violet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_blue_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_brown_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_default_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_green_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_grey_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_orange_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_pink_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_purple_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_red_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_public.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_color_yellow_videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-loading-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/green-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/grey-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/knetattach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/library-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/neat.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/network_fs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/nfs.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/orange-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/pink-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/purple-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/red-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/repository.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/samba.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable/places/yellow-user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable@2x               tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/scalable@3x               tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/add-files-to-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/application-exit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/application-menu-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/browser-download-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.big-rows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.small-rows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/calendar-go-today-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/call-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/call-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/caps-lock-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/caps-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/category-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/close-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/color-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/contact-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/detach-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/dino-double-tick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/dino-tick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-export-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-import-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-open-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-print-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-properties-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-revert-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-revert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-save-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/document-send-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-find-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/ephy-bookmark-tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/ephy-bookmarks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/ephy-reader-mode-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/error-correct-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/extract-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/eye-not-looking-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/eye-open-negative-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-kbd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-punc-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-vk-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/find-location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/flag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/focus-top-bar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/focus-windows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/folder-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/font-color-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/font-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/font-size-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-ordered-list-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-ordered-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-larger-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-remove-formatting-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-remove-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-smaller-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-toolbar-toggle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-unordered-list-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/format-unordered-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/globe-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-down-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-first-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-jump-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-last-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-top-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/help-about-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/help-info-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-crop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-denoise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-filter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-sharpen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/image-straighten-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/insert-emoticon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/insert-image-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/insert-link-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/insert-object-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/insert-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/keyboard-caps-lock-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/keyboard-enter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/keyboard-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/keyboard-layout-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/keyboard-shift-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/link-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/list-add-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/list-edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/list-remove-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-drafts-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-drafts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-flag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-read-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-unread-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-sender-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-send-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-sent-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-sent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mail-spam-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mark-location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/marker-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-eject-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-mount-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-record-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/message-indicator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/mount-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-auto-arrange-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-desktop-scale-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-horizontal-layout-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-horizontal-layout-wide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-vertical-layout-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/nemo-vertical-layout-wide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/non-starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/notification-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/num-lock-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/num-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-merge-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-move-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/object-straighten-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/open-menu-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-down-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-end-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pan-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pane-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pane-show-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pointer-double-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pointer-drag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pointer-primary-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/pointer-secondary-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/process-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/qrscanner-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/reply-all-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/reply-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/reply-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/reply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/screensaver-switch-users-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/screensaver-unlock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/selection-end-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/selection-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/semi-starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/send-to-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/sidebar-places-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/sidebar-tree-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/spam-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/star-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-hibernate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-restart-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-run-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-suspend-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tab-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tag-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-arc-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-brush-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-circle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-crop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-eraser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-filters-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-freeshape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-highlight-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-line-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-magic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-oval-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-paint-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-pencil-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-polygon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-rectangle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-roundedrect-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-skew-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tool-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/twitter-dm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/twitter-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/twitter-mentions-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/twitter-profile-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-bottom-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-column-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-compact-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-coverflow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-dual-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-filter-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-filter-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-filter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-grid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-left-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-left-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-list-compact-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-list-images-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-list-video-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-more-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-paged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-pin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-restore-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-right-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-right-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-sidebar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/view-top-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-close-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-maximize-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-minimize-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/window-restore-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-annotations-squiggly-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-annotations-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-diaporama-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-favorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-format-text-highlight-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-pin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-behavior-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-plugins-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-preview-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-toolbar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-search-entire-word-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-search-wrap-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-text-case-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-unfavorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-unpin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/xapp-use-regex-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/accessories-screenshot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/bluetooth-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/builder-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/cheese-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/chromium-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/deja-dup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/dino-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/dropbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/eog-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/evince-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/file-roller-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/firefox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/fusion-icon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gedit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-calculator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-characters-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-contacts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-control-center-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-disks-state-standby-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-screenshot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-software-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/gnome-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/google-chrome-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/help-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/help-contents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/help-faq-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/inkscape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/internet-mail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-base-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-calc-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-draw-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-impress-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-main-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-math-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-writer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/mail-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/media-eq-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-audio-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-equalizer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-photo-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-photo-viewer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-video-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/office-calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Contacts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Fractal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Lollypop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Nautilus-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.PowerStats-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Settings-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.tweaks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/password-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-default-applications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-sharing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/preferences-ubuntu-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/revolt-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/rhythmbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/seahorse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/setroubleshoot_icon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/shotwell-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/sparkleshare-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/system-users-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/text-editor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/transmission-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/unity-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/user-info-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/utilities-system-monitor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/utilities-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/apps/web-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-games-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-science-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/credentials-preferences-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/cs-backgrounds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/cs-desklets-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/goa-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/preferences-desktop-online-accounts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/slideshow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/categories/system-help-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/audio-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/battery-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/camera-video-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/camera-web-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/computer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/display-projector-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/laptop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-flash-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-removable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-sim-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-tape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/media-zip-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/network-server-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/network-wired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-google-nexus-one-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-htc-g1-white-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-palm-pre-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phonelink-delete-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phonelink-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/phonelink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/printer-network-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/printer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/scanner-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/sim-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/smartphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/tablet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/tv-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/devices/video-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-hat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/extension-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/playlist-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/text-html-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/text-x-systemd-unit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-documents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-download-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-music-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-recent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-remote-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-templates-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/folder-videos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/inode-directory-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/internet-radio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/mail-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/mail-folder-inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/mail-folder-outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/mail-inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/mail-outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/nemo-bookmark-not-found-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/network-server-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/start-here-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/user-desktop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/user-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/places/user-trash-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/account-logged-in-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/airplane-mode-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/alarm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/arch-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/arch-lit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/arch-unknown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/arch-updates-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/arch-uptodate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/avatar-default-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-caution-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/battery-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bluetooth-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bluetooth-paired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/brightness-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/budgie-brightness-controller-1-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/budgie-caffeine-cup-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/budgie-caffeine-cup-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bumblebee-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/bumblebee-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/caffeine-cup-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/caffeine-cup-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/call-incoming-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/call-missed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/camera-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/caps-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/capslock-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/capslock-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/changes-allow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/channel-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/check-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/check-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/checkbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/computer-fail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/contact-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/content-loading-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/dialog-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/dialog-information-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/dialog-password-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/dialog-question-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/display-brightness-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/display-brightness-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/display-brightness-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/display-brightness-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/display-brightness-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/folder-open-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/freon-fan-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/freon-gpu-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/freon-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/freon-voltage-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/globe-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/gser-icon-playing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/gser-icon-stopped-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/gtk-dialog-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/image-loading-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/input-keyboard-capslock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/location-services-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mail-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mail-read-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mail-replied-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mail-unread-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-one-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-one-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mintupdate-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mpi-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/my-caffeine-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/my-caffeine-on-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/mymail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-cdma-1x-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-cellular-umts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-idle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-transmit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-vpn-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/network-wireless-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/night-light-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-0-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-0-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-100-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-100-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-25-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-25-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-50-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-50-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-75-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nm-signal-75-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notification-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notification-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notifications-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/notifications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/num-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/numlock-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/numlock-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nvidia-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nvidia-ram-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/nvidia-temp-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-inverse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/pager-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-hybrid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-intel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-nvidia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/printer-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/printer-printing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/printer-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/process-completed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/process-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/process-working-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/radio-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/radio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/screen-shared-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/security-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/security-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/security-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/sensors-fan-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/sensors-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/sensors-voltage-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/software-update-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/stopwatch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/task-due-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/task-past-due-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/temp-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/timer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/touchpad-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-away-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-busy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-idle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-invisible-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/view-private-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-clear-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-clouds-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-clouds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-cloudy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-fog-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-freezing-rain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-none-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-showers-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-snow-rain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-snow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-storm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow/symbolic/status/weather-windy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/CVnamespace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/Finished.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/accept_time_event.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/activity-fork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/actor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/adjusthsl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/adjustrgb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/animation-stage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/answer-correct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/answer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/approved.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/artistictext-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/as.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/as_disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/as_light.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/auto-type.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/back.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/beamerblock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/beamerframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bell.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bibtex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bigskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blurfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/blurimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/borderpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/box.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/brightnesssettings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/burst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/button_ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/bwtonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cab_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/call-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/callout-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/camera-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cards-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cd.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cell_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cell_layout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/checkbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/checkmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/choice-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/collapse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colorfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colorneg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/compass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure_kile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure_project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/connector-avoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/connector-ignore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/connector-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/contrast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cookies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/createpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cross-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cvc-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cvc-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cvc-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cvc-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/cvc-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/datatype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/diag_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/diag_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dirsync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/displaymathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dissociatecell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distortionfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/down.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-ellipse-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-ellipse-chord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-ellipse-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-ellipse-whole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-mirror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-trace-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-use-pressure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-use-tilt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dvipng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dvips.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-bomb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-delete-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit-undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editclear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editcopy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editpaste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/editpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/edittext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/ellipse-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/emph.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/end_of_life.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/end_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/entry-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/enum.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/enumerate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/exifinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/exit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/expand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-chn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-skk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filefind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filegrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-artist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filenew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fileprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filesave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/filmgrain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fitbest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fitheight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fitmanual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fitsize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fitwidth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/flatten_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fm-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fm-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fm-thumbs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/font-face.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/font-size-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/font-size-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/footsteps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/fork.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/freerotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gcr-gnupg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gearhead-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-column-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-link-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-row-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-jump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gpg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gpgsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gps.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/grid-axonometric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtg-work.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hand.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hb-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/help.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hide_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hide_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hidemouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/highlight-pointer-spot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hotpixels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/hypnotoad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/icon_radio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/icon_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/icon_user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-aim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-google.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-icq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-irc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-jabber.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-msn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-nov.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-qq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-skype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-yahoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/indicator-notification-close-deselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/indicator-notification-close-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/initial_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/inpainting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/insertcell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/interactive_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/interface.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/irc-voice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itemize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/key-enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/key_enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kittens.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmousetool_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmousetool_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kruler-north.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_advanced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_mw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-chunks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/kt-upnp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/label.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/labplot-zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/languages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lastfm-neighbour.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lastfm-personal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lastfm-recommended.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lastfm-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lens.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/license.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/love.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/loved_radio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lpi-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lpi-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-forward-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/makeidx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/manga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/map-flat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/map-globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/math0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/math2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/math7.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/math9.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/media-write-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/medskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/menu_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mesh-gradient-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mic-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mic-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mic-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/milestone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/modified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/mpost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/msgid2msgstr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/multirow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/no-marker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/no.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/nocover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-join.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/note.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/notifications-disabled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/notifications.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-stroke-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-blur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-paint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/object_node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/offline-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/oilpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/open-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/output_win.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pack-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pack-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/page-zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-gradient-conical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-gradient-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-gradient-mesh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-gradient-radial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-swatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pan-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pan-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pan-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pan-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pane-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pane-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/paperclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mode-bspline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mode-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-grow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-repel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-roughen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pdftex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pentagon-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/perspective-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pipe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/practice-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/practice-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/practice-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-desktop-notification.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/presence_away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/presence_offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/presence_online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/presence_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preview_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/preview_sel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project_archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project_rebuild.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/project_show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/projectgrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/qa.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/qlipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/quickwizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/raindrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/ratiocrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rectangle-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/redeyes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/refactor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/refreshstructure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/region.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/relation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/relationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reload3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resizecol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resizerow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/retweet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rime-im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/roll.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/scriptnew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/scriptopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/send-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/set-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shallow-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shapes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shoot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/show_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sidebar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/slanted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/smallskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/snap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/social.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sort-name.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sort_incr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/source-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/source-smart-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/speaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/specific-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spiral-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spray-mode-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spray-mode-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spray-mode-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/spreadsheetshape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/star-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/star-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/star-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/start-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Particle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Rope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/step_object_Stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_not.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/strong.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/structure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/subsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbol-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbol-bigger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbol-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbol-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbol-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/symbols.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-lock-screen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-save-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tag.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/task-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text-wrap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_outer_style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/texture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/toggle_vp_y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/toggle_vp_z.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_pen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tool_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/top.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/torrents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transfers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/transsearch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/trim-margins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/trim-to-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-message-found.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-message-lost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbr-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/up.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/url-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/user_purple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/verb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/verbatim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-bank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-dual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-form.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pages-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_fit_to_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/view_tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/viewbib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/viewimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/viewlog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/viewps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/vinyl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/vm_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-pin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window-unpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/wizard_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/wizard_pdftools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/wizard_pstools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/wizard_tabular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-clementine-albums.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-shade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-unmaximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-unshade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xfce-wm-unstick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/y-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zone-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zone-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/actions/zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/apps              tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-headphones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-headsets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-input-microphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/audio-speakers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-cellular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-handheld.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-handsfree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-headset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-loudspeaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-pointing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman-smart-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/blueman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/camera-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/camera-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/camera-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/cpu.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/drive-virtual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-battery.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/gnome-phone-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-dialpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-gaming.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-mouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/input-touchpad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/ipodtouchicon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/joystick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/keyboard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-modem-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-network-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-idle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-cdr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-cdrom-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-flash-memory-stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-flash-smart-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-flash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-memory-sd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-blu-ray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-cd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-dvd-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-recordable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-optical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/media-tape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-U2-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-U2-monochrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-gold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-pink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-silver.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-nano-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-standard-monochrome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/multimedia-player.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-bluetooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-modem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-rj11-female.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-rj45-female.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-vpn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wired-activated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wired-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-00.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-100.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-25.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-50.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-connected-75.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless-disconnected.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/network-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/nm-device-wired.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/nm-device-wireless.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/phone-nokia-n900.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/phone-palm-pre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/printer-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/printer-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/printer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/scanner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/smartphone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/stock_cell-phone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/tablet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/uav-quadcopter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/mimetypes         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/panel             tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/certificate-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-apple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-copy-cloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-decrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-dropbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-gdrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-git.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-github.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-gitlab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-gnome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-google-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-image-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-java.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-linux.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-mail-cloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-mega.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-meocloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-owncloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-pcloud.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-private.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-script.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-steam.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-tar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-torrent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-txt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-vbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-wifi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-wine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder-yandex-disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/insync-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/knetattach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/library-podcast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/neat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network-server-database.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network_fs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/nfs.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/repository.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/samba.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16/status            tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16@2x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/16@3x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/CVnamespace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/Finished.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/accept_time_event.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-reopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-asset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-cash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-closed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-credit-card.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-expense.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-income.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-investments.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-liability.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-loan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-reconciled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-types-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-update-online-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account-update-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/activity-fork.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/actor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/adjusthsl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/adjustrgb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/animation-stage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/answer-correct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/answer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/approved.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/artistictext-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/auto-type.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/back.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/backup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bank.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/beamerblock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/beamerframe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bell.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bibtex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bigskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blurfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/blurimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/borderpainter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/box.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/budget-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/budget-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/budget-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/budget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/burst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/button_ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/bwtonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cab_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/call-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/calligraphy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/callout-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/camera-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cards-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/category-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/category-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cd.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cell_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cell_layout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/checkbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/checkmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/collapse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colorfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colorneg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/compass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure_kile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure_project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/contrast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cookies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/createpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cross-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/datatype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/delete-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/diag_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/diag_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dirsync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/displaymathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distortionfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/down.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dvipng.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dvips.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-bomb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-delete-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit-undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edit_animation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editclear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editcopy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editpaste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/editpath.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edittext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ellipse-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/emph.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/end_of_life.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/end_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/entry-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/enum.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/enumerate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exifinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/exit_animations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/expand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-chn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-skk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filefind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filegrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-artist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filenew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fileprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filesave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/filmgrain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fitbest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fitheight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fitmanual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fitsize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fitwidth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fm-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fm-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fm-thumbs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/footsteps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/forecast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/fork.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/freerotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gearhead-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-link-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-row-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-jump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gpg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gpgsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gps.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/graphics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtg-work.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hand.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hb-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-latex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/help.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hide-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hide-reconciled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hide_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hide_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hidemouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/hotpixels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-aim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-google.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-icq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-irc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-jabber.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-msn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-nov.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-qq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-skype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-yahoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/initial_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/inpainting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-table-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/insertcell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/institution-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/institution-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/institution-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/institution.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/interface.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/investment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/investment-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/investment-update-online-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/investment-update-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/investment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/irc-voice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itemize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/key-enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/key_enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmousetool_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmousetool_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_advanced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_colors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_mw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_planets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-chunks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/kt-upnp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/label.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/languages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/latex-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ledger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lens.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/license.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/love.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lpi-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lpi-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/makeidx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/manga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/map-flat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/map-globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/math0.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mathmode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/medskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/menu_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mic-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mic-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mic-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/milestone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/modified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/mpost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/msgid2msgstr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/multirow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/no-marker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/no.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/nocover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-join.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/note.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/object_node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/office-chart-tall-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/offline-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/oilpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/online-banking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/open-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/output_win.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/page-zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-gradient-conical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-gradient-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-gradient-mesh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-gradient-radial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-swatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pan-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pan-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pan-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pan-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pane-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pane-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/paperclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/payee-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pdftex.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pentagon-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pipe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/practice-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/practice-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/practice-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/presence_away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/presence_offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/presence_online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/presence_unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview-add-zone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview-remove-zone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview-render-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview-render-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/preview_sel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project_archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project_rebuild.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/project_show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/projectgrep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/qa.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/qlipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/quickwizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/raindrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/ratiocrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reconcile-finish.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reconcile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rectangle-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/redeyes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/refactor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/refreshstructure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/region.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/relation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/relationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reload3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/removecell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/retweet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rime-im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/roll.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/scriptnew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/scriptopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/send-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/set-language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shallow-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shapes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shoot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show_table_column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/show_table_row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sidebar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/slanted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/smallskip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/snap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/social.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sort-name.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sort_incr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/speaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/specific-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/spiral-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/spreadsheetshape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/star-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/star-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/star-shape.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/start-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Disk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Gas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_GasParticle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Meter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Particle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Rope.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Stick.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/step_object_Tracer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_not.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/strong.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/structure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/subsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/symbols.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-reboot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-save-session.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/system-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tag.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/task-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/texcompiler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text-wrap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/texture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-lift.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-overwrite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-use-zone-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/timeline-use-zone-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_imageeffects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_pen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tool_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/top.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/torrents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transaction-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transaction-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transaction-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transaction-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transaction-report.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transfers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/transsearch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-message-found.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-message-lost.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbr-message-synchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_component.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_state.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/up.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/url-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/usecase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/user.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/verb.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/verbatim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-bank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-dual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-form.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-chart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-genre.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-publisher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-similarartists.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pages-single.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_fit_to_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/view_tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/viewbib.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/viewimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/viewlog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/viewps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/vinyl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/vm_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-pin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window-unpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/wizard_math.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/wizard_pdftools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/wizard_pstools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/wizard_tabular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-clementine-albums.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/y-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zone-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zone-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/actions/zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/emblems           tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/mimetypes         tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/panel             tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-txt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/neat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/network_fs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/nfs.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/repository.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/samba.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22@2x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/22@3x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/Finished.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/Info-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/SuggestionError.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/SuggestionTM.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/action-rss_tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/action-unavailable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/add-placemark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/add.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/address-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/addressbook-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/adjustcurves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/adjusthsl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/adjustlevels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/adjustrgb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/adress-book-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/akonadiconsole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/albumfolder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_cart_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_cart_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_cart_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_change_language.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_playcount.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/amarok_scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/antivignetting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/application-exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/application-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/application-rss+xml.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/applications-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/appointment-missed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/appointment-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/appointment-soon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/archive-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/archive-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/archive-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-down-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-left-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-right-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-up-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/atmosphere.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-volume-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-volume-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-volume-medium.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/audio-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/auto-type.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/autocorrection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/automated-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/back.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bell.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bitmap-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blueman-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blueman-send-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blueman-trust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blueman-untrust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blurfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/blurimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmark_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bordertool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_top_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/boundingbox_top_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-addqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bqm-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/browser-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/burst.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/button_cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/button_ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/bwtonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cab_extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cab_view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cache.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/calendar-go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/call-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/call-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/camera-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/camera-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/camera-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cd.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/channelmixer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/character-set.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/checkbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/checkmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/chronometer-lap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/chronometer-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/chronometer-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/chronometer-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/chronometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/class-or-package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/clear_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/clock-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/clock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cloud-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cloud-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_briefview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_columnsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_extractfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_flatview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_markinvert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_markminus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_markplus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_multirename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_packfiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_runterm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_syncdirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_thumbnailsview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_viewhistorynext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-block.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-typedef.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/code-variable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/collapse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-management.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-picker-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-picker-grey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-picker-white.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/color-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colorfx.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colormanagement.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colorneg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colors-chromablue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colors-chromagreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colors-chromared.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/colors-luma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/compass.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configuration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configure-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configure-toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configure_shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/configure_toolbars.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/connector-avoid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/connector-ignore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/connector-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/contact-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/contexthelp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/contrast.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cookies.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/coordinate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/copy-coordinates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/crosshairs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/currenttrack_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/currenttrack_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/curve-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dashboard-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/database-change-key.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/database-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/database-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-run-cursor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-step-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-step-into-instruction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-step-into.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-step-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/debug-step-over.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/delete-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/depth16to8.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/depth8to16.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/device.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-icon-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-input-devices.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-memory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-messages.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-object-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-path-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-scripts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-selectors.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-text-and-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-tile-clones.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-xml-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dialog-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dirsync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-graph-directed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-graph.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-horizontal-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-unclump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-margin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/distribute-vertical-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-decrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit-verify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-encrypt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-export-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-export-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-import-ocal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-new-from-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-open-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-open-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-open-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-page-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-preview-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-print-direct.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-print-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/document-swap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/documentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/documentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/double-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/down.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/download-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/download-later.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-bezier-curves.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-circle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-cross.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-cuboid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-donut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-ellipse-arc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-ellipse-chord.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-ellipse-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-ellipse-whole.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-freehand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-mirror.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-geometry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-halfcircle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-halfcircle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-halfcircle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-halfcircle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-spiral.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-trace-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-triangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-triangle1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-triangle2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-triangle3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-triangle4.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-use-pressure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-use-tilt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/draw-watercolor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/earthquake.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-bomb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clone-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-find-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-find-project.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-find-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-find-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-image-face-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-image-face-detect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-image-face-recognize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-image-face-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-map.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-paste-in-place.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-paste-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-all-layers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-invert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-lasso.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-text-frame-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-undo-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit-undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editclear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editcopy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editcut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editdelete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/editpaste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/enterprise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/entry-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/entry-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/entry-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/entry-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/epiphany-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/escape-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/exchange-positions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/exifinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/exit.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/expand.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/extract-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/favicon-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/favorite-genres-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/favorite.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-anthy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-bopomofo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-cangjie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-chewing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-chn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-erbi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-hangul.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-kbd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-kkc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-pinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-punc-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-remind-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-rime-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-rime.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-sayura.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-shuangpin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-skk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-unikey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-vk-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-wbpy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-wubi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-zhuyin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fcitx-ziranma.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/feed-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/file-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/file-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filefind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-and-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-bpm-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-comment-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-composer-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-dash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-divider.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-dot-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-filetype-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-genre-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-group-length.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-group-tracks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-initial-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-last-played.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-moodbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-sample-rate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-slash-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-space-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-title-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-underscore-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filenew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fileopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fileprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filequickprint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filesave.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filesaveas.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fileview-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/filmgrain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/find-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/find.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fitbest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fitheight.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fitmanual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fitsize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fitwidth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag-black.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag-blue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag-green.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag-red.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag-yellow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flag.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/flatten_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fm-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fm-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fm-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fm-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fm-thumbs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/focus-legacy-systray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/focus-top-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/focus-windows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/folder_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/followmouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/font-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/footsteps.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/fork.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-add-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-align-vertical-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-align-vertical-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-border-style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-break-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-connect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-convert-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-currency.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-disconnect-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-fill-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-font-size-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-font-size-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-indent-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-indent-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-insert-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-join-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-line-spacing-double.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-line-spacing-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-line-spacing-triple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-list-ordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-list-unordered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-node-corner.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-node-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-node-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-node-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-node-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-number-percent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-precision-less.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-precision-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-remove-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-stroke-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-blockquote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-capitalize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-code.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-r2l.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-direction-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-larger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-lowercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-remove-formatting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-smaller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-underline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/format-text-uppercase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-achievements.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-board.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-options.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-theme.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-config-tiles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-difficult.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-endturn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-highscores.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/games-solve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/geany-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/geany-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/geany-save-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/get-hot-new-stuff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/giggle-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/giggle-diff-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/giggle-history-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/giggle-remote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/giggle-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-autofilter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-cells-split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-column-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-column-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-column-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-comment-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-graphguru.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-link-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-link-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-link-email.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-object-label.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-object-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-row-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-row-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gnumeric-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-down-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-first-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-first-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump-declaration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump-definition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-jump.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-last-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-last-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-parent-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous-context.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous-use.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous-view.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-today.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-up-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gpg.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gpgsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gps.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/grid-axonometric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/grid-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/group-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-note-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-tag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-tags-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-tags-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-task-dismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-task-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-task-undismiss.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-task-undone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtg-work.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-authentication.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-bold.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-cdrom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-convert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-execute.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-floppy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-go-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-index.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-italic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-justify-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-justify-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-justify-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-justify-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-preferences.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-select-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-select-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-tab-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hand.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-activity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-add-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-complete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-presets.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-showqueue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-source.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hb-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-contextual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-donate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-feedback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-hint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-info.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help-whatsthis.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/help.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hidemouse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hint.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/history_entry.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hook-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/hotpixels.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/icon_console.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/icon_details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-aim.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-ban-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-ban-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-facebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-gadugadu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-google-talk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-google.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-groupwise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-icq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-identi.ca.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-invisible-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-irc.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-jabber.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-kick-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-local-xmpp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-msn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-nov.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-qq.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-skype.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-twitter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-user-away.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-user-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-user-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-user-online.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-yahoo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/im-youtube.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-denoise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-loading.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-red-eye.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-sharpen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/image-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/imagecomment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-button.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-emoticon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-endnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-footnote.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-math-expression.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-more-mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-object.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-page-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-table-of-contents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-text-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/insert-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/interactive_simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/internet-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/internet-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/invertimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-channel-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-channel-inactive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-close-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-join-channel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-remove-operator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-unvoice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/irc-voice.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/items-tags.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-copy-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-error.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-information.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-open-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-question.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-quit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-tools.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-upload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-utils.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/itmages-warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/journal-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdeconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-add-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-hide-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-object-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-object-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-select-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-select-rects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-select-texts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-select-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-show-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-show-markers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-show-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-snap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-split-audio.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zone-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zone-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/key-enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/key_enter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kmouth-phrase-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kmouth-phrase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kmouth-phrasebook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/knotes_alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/knotes_date.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/knotes_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kontes_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_comparedirs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_diskusage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_jumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_mountman.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_setjumpback.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kr_unselect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_cbound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_clines.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_cnames.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_deepsky.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_ekos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_fitsviewer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_hgrid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_horizon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_indi.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_mw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_satellites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_solarsystem.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kstars_supernovae.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-add-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-add-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-check-data.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-chunks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-info-widget.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-queue-manager.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-remove-feeds.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-remove-filters.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-show-statusbar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-speed-limits.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-start-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-stop-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/kt-upnp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/label-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-TeX-logo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-axis-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-shift-down-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-shift-left-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-shift-right-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-shift-up-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-visible-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/layer-visible-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lens.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lensautofix.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lensdistortion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/libpeas-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/license.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lighttable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lighttableadd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lines-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/link.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-add-font.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-add-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-remove-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-remove-user.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/list-resource-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/locationbar_erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lock.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/love-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lpi-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lpi-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/lpi-translate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-archive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-attachment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-deleted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-encrypted-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-encrypted-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-flag.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-flagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-folder-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-folder-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-folder-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-forwarded-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-forwarded.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-inbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-invitation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-important.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-message-new-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-message-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-message.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-queued.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-read.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-replied.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-reply-custom-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-reply-custom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-reply-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signature-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signed-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signed-fully.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signed-part.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signed-verified.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-signed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-tagged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-thread-watch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-unread-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail-unread.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail_forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail_generic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail_reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mail_replyall.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/manga.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/map-flat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/map-globe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/map-gnomonic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/map-mercator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mark-location.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-album-cover tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-album-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-paused.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-playing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playback-stopped.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playlist-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playlist-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-random-albums-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-repeat-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-repeat-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-rewind.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-seek-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-seek-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-skip-backward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-skip-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-track-queue-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/media-view-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/meeting-attending-tentative.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/meeting-attending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/meeting-participant-no-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/meeting-participant-request-response.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/meld-version-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/menu_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/menu_new_sep.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mesh-gradient-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mesh-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/message-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/messagebox_warning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mic-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mic-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/mic-ready.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/milestone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/multimedia-volume-control.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/music-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/nemo-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/network-connect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/network-disconnect.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/new-audio-alarm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/news-subscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/news-unsubscribe.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/next.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/no-marker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/no.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/nocover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-break.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-delete-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-join-segment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-join.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-segment-curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-segment-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-transform.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-type-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-type-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/noisereduction.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/non-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-group-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-inverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-locked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-back-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-back.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-front-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-front.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-lower-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-raise-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-order-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-rotate-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-rotate-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-rows.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-straighten.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-blur.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-paint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-ungroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-unlocked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/object-visible.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/off-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/off.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-area-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-area-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-area.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-bar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-line-percentage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-line-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-pie.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-polar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-ring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/office-chart-scatter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/oilpaint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/ok.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/on-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/on.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/open-for-editing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/open-magnet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/open-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/outbox.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/overexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/package.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/package_settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/page-2sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/page-3sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/page-4sides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/page-simple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/page-zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-none.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-fms.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-fsm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-mfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-msf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-sfm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-order-smf.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-solid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paint-unknown.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pan-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pan-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pan-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pan-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pane-hide.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pane-show.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/paperclip.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/password-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/password-generate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/password-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/password-show-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/password-show-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-break-apart.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-clip-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-combine.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-difference.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-division.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-effect-parameter-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-exclusion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-inset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mask-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mode-bezier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mode-bspline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mode-polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-mode-spiro.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-offset-dynamic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-offset-linked.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-outset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-simplify.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-attract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-grow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-repel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-roughen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-tweak-shrink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/path-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pdf-annotations.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/perspective-parallel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pgp-keys.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/photos-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pipe.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/pixelart-trace.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player-eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player-time.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player-volume-muted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player-volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_eject.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/player_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/playlist-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/playlist-generator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/playlist-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/playlist-similar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/playlist-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/plugins.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/podcast-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/podcast-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-automatic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-status-comment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-sync.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/poedit-validate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/polygon-add-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/polygon-merge-nodes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/postalcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-activities.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-system-session-services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preferences-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preflight-verifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/privatebrowsing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/process-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/project-development-close-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/project-development-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/project-development-new-template.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/project-development.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/project-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/qlipper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/query-free-busy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/quickopen-class.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/quickopen-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/quickopen-function.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/quickopen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/quickview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-branch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-changes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-clear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-compare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-diff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-drive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-lock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-merge.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-push.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-rename.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-switch.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rabbitvcs-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/raindrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/randomize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rating-unrated.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rating.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/ratiocrop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/recently_used.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/record.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/redeyes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reload.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reload3.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reload_page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/remove-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/remove-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reply-all-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reply-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/resource-calendar-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/resource-calendar-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/resource-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/resource-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/restoration.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/retweet.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/reverse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/revert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rime-disable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rime-im.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/rime-latin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/roll.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/routeplanning.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-file.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-install-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build-prune.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-build.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-clean.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/run-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/seahorse-sign-bad.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/seahorse-sign-ok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/seahorse-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/search-icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/select-rectangular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-end.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-raise.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/selection-top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/semi-starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/send-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/services.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/settings-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/settings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/shape-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/shapes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sharpenimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/shear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/shoot.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-all-effects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-dialogs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-guides.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-menu.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-node-handles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-offline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/show-path-outline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sidebar-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sidebar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/slideshow-plugin.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/smallclock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-bounding-box.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-extension.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-guideline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-node.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-cusp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-intersection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-nodes-smooth.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-orthogonal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap-text-baseline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/snap.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/social.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sort-name.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sort-presence.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/spacefm-find.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/speaker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/speedometer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/split.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/spray-mode-clone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/spray-mode-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/spray-mode-union.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/standard-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/star-off.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/star-on.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/starred.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/step_object_Controller.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/sticky_zoom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_about.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_bell.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_check-filled.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_contact-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_cut.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_exit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_file-properites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_file-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_first.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_folder-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_folder-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_insert-note.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_insert-table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_last.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-send.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_mark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-play.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-prev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-rec.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-rew.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_media-stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_navigator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-dir.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-tab.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_new-window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_no.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_not.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_paste.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_print-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_print-setup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_print.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_redo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_save-as.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_save.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-high.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-higher.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-highest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-low.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-lower.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-lowest.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_score-normal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_select-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_select-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_select-row.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_shared-by-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_shared-to-me.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_show-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_stop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_timezone.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_todo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_top.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_undo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_view-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_volume.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_xfburn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_yes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stop.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/story-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/straight-connector.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-cap-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-cap-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-join-round.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/stroke-to-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/svn-commit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/svn-update.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/symbol-bigger.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/symbols.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/system-help.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/system-run.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/system-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/system-software-install.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/system-upgrade.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-close-other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-detach.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-new-background.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_breakoff.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_new_bg.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tab_remove_other.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/table.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-addressbook.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-people.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-places.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-recents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag-reset.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tag.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tap-create.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tap-extract-to.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tap-extract.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/task-attempt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/task-attention.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/task-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/task-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/task-past-due.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/taxes-finances.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/terminator_horiz.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/terminator_vert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-convert-to-regular.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-field.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-flow-into-frame.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-frame-link.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-frame-unlink.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-orientation-auto.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-orientation-sideways.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-orientation-upright.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-put-on-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-remove-from-path.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-speak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-unflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-unkern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-wiki.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text-wrap.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_horz_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_letter_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_line_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_outer_style.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_remove_kerns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_rotation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_subscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_superscript.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_vert_kern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/text_word_spacing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/texture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tiny-pause.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tiny-start.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/toggle_vp_y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/toggle_vp_z.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-animator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-measure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-node-editor.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-pointer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-spray.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool-tweak.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_brush.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_color_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_color_picker.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_curve.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_ellipse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_elliptical_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_eraser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_free_form_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_line.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_pen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_polygon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_polyline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_rect_selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_spraycan.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tool_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-media-optical-burn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-media-optical-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-media-optical-erase.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-media-optical-format.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-report-bug.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-rip-video-cd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/tools-wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/top.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/torrents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transfers.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-affect-gradient.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-affect-pattern.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-affect-stroke.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-browse.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-crop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-move-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-move-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-move.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-rotate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-scale-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-scale-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-scale.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-shear-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-shear-left.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-shear-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-shear-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/twitter-dm.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/twitter-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/twitter-mentions.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/twitter-profile.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/underexposure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/undo.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/unlock.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/up.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/upcomingevents-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/upindicator.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/upload-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/url-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-group-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-group-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-group-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-identity.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-properties.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/usermenu-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/usermenu-down.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/usermenu-up.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/username-copy.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/vertical.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/videoclip-amarok.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-bank-account-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-bank-account-savings.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-bank-account.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-bank.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-barcode-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-barcode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-agenda.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-birthday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-day.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-month.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-time-spent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-timeline.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-week.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-catalog.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-categories.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-export-secret.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-export-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-export.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-import.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-server-configure.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate-sign.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-certificate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-column.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-continuous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-conversation-balloon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-coverflow.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-dual.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-file-columns.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-filter-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-filter.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-form-action.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-form.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-grid.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-history.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-left-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-compact.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-details.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-icons.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-list.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-album-cover.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-equalizer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-playlist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-queue.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-subtitles.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-title.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-track.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-media-visualization.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-more-horizontal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-more.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-multiple-objects.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-object-histogram-linear.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-paged.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-journal.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-mail.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-news.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-notes.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-summary.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-presentation.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-preview.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-all.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-own.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-process-users.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-readermode-active.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-readermode.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-refresh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-right-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-right-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-sidetree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-sort-descending.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-sort.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-split-left-right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-statistics.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-task-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-task-child-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-task-child.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-task.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-edit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule-insert.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-time-schedule.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-user-offline-kopete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_choose.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_detailed.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_icon.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_left_right.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_multicolumn.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_top_bottom.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/view_tree.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/viewimage.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/viewmagfit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/vinyl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/visibility.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/vm_clone_wizard.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/vm_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/wallet-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/web-browser.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/whitebalance.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/widget-alternatives.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-close.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-maximize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-minimize.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window-restore.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window_fullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window_new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-clementine-album.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-office-address-book.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-shape-connection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-shape-formula.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-shape-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-shape-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/x-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xc_crosshair.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xml-attribute-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xml-element-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xml-node-delete.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xml-node-duplicate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/xml-text-new.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/y-zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/y-zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zone-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zone-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-1-to-2.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-2-to-1.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-center-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-double-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-draw.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-drawing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-page.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-half-size.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-in-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-in-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-in-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-in.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-next.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-original.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-out-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-out-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-out-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-out.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-previous.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-select-x.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-select-y.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom-select.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/actions/zoom.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/animations        tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/blueman-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/blueman-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/computer-laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/device-notifier.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-USB.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-multidisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-multipartition.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/drive-removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/laptop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/media-removable.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/removable-media.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/devices/video-display.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/panel             tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/akonadi-phone-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/document-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/edittrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/emptytrash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-camera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-documents-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-download-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-drag-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-favorites.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-games.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-image.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-music-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-open-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-photo.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-photos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-picture.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-pictures-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-publicshare-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-recent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-remote-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-remote-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-root.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-saved-search.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-sound.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-temp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-templates-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-templates.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-text.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-txt.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-video.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-videocamera.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-videos-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_download.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_html.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folder_pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folders-documents.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folders-downloads.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folders-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folders-publicshare.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/folders-videos.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-dev-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-fs-web.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/go-home-large.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/go-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gohome.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gtg-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gtk-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gtk-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/gtk-network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/inode-directory.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/kfm_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/library-music.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/mail-sent.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/neat.svg   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/network-workgroup.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/network.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/network_fs.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/network_local.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/nfs.svg    tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/other-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/redhat-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/redhat-network-server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/redhat-system-group.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/repository.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/samba.svg  tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/server.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_delete-bookmark.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_folder.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_music-library.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/stock_trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/trash-empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/trashcan_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/trashcan_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-bookmarks.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-desktop.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-home-open.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-home.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-images.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-pictures.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-share.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-trash-full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/user-trash.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24/places/xfce-trash_full.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24@2x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/24@3x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/32                   tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/32@2x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/32@3x                tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/icon-theme.cache     tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/index.theme          tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/scalable             tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/scalable@2x          tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/scalable@3x          tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/add-files-to-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/address-book-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/application-exit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/application-menu-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/appointment-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/browser-download-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.big-rows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.small-rows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/calendar-go-today-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/call-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/call-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/camera-switch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/caps-lock-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/caps-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/category-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/close-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/color-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/contact-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/detach-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/dino-double-tick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/dino-tick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-export-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-import-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-open-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-print-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-properties-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-revert-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-revert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-save-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/document-send-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-find-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/ephy-bookmark-tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/ephy-bookmarks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/ephy-reader-mode-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/error-correct-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/extract-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/eye-not-looking-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/eye-open-negative-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-kbd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-punc-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-punc-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-vk-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/fcitx-vk-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/find-location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/flag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/focus-top-bar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/focus-windows-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/folder-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/font-color-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/font-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/font-size-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-ordered-list-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-ordered-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-larger-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-remove-formatting-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-remove-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-smaller-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-toolbar-toggle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-unordered-list-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/format-unordered-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/globe-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-down-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-first-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-jump-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-last-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-top-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/help-about-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/help-info-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-crop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-denoise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-filter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-sharpen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/image-straighten-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/insert-emoticon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/insert-image-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/insert-link-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/insert-object-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/insert-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/keyboard-caps-lock-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/keyboard-enter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/keyboard-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/keyboard-layout-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/keyboard-shift-filled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/link-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/list-add-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/list-edit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/list-remove-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-drafts-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-drafts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-flag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-read-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-mark-unread-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-sender-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-reply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-send-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-sent-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-sent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mail-spam-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mark-location-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/marker-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-eject-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-mount-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-record-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/message-indicator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/mount-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-auto-arrange-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-desktop-scale-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-horizontal-layout-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-horizontal-layout-wide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-vertical-layout-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/nemo-vertical-layout-wide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/non-starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/notification-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/num-lock-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/num-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-merge-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-move-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-select-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/object-straighten-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/open-menu-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-down-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-end-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pan-up-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pane-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pane-show-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pointer-double-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pointer-drag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pointer-primary-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/pointer-secondary-click-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/process-stop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/qrscanner-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/reply-all-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/reply-all-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/reply-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/reply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/screensaver-switch-users-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/screensaver-unlock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/selection-end-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/selection-start-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/semi-starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/send-to-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/sidebar-hide-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/sidebar-places-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/sidebar-show-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/sidebar-tree-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/spam-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/star-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-hibernate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-reboot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-restart-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-run-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-suspend-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/system-switch-user-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tab-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tag-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tag-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-arc-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-brush-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-circle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-crop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-eraser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-filters-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-freeshape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-highlight-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-line-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-magic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-oval-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-paint-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-pencil-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-polygon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-rectangle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-roundedrect-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-skew-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tool-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/twitter-dm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/twitter-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/twitter-mentions-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/twitter-profile-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-bottom-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-column-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-compact-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-coverflow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-dual-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-filter-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-filter-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-filter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-grid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-left-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-left-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-list-compact-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-list-images-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-list-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-list-video-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-mirror-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-more-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-paged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-pin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-restore-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-right-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-right-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-sidebar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/view-top-pane-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-close-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-maximize-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-minimize-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/window-restore-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-annotations-squiggly-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-annotations-text-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-diaporama-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-favorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-format-text-highlight-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-pin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-behavior-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-plugins-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-preview-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-prefs-toolbar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-search-entire-word-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-search-wrap-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-text-case-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-unfavorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-unpin-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/xapp-use-regex-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/accessories-screenshot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/bluetooth-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/builder-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/cheese-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/chromium-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/deja-dup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/dino-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/dropbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/eog-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/evince-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/file-roller-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/firefox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/fusion-icon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gedit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-calculator-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-characters-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-contacts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-control-center-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-disks-state-standby-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-screenshot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-software-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/gnome-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/google-chrome-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/help-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/help-contents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/help-faq-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/inkscape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/internet-mail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-base-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-calc-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-draw-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-impress-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-main-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-math-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/libreoffice-writer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/mail-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/media-eq-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-audio-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-equalizer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-photo-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-photo-viewer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-video-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/multimedia-volume-control-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/office-calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Contacts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Fractal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Lollypop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Nautilus-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.PowerStats-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.Settings-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.gnome.tweaks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/password-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-apps-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-default-applications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-font-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-sharing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/preferences-ubuntu-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/revolt-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/rhythmbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/seahorse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/setroubleshoot_icon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/shotwell-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/sparkleshare-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/system-users-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/text-editor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/transmission-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/unity-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/user-info-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/utilities-system-monitor-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/utilities-tweak-tool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/apps/web-browser-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-games-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-science-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/credentials-preferences-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/cs-backgrounds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/cs-desklets-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/goa-panel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/preferences-desktop-online-accounts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/slideshow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/categories/system-help-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/audio-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/battery-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/camera-video-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/camera-web-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/computer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/display-projector-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/laptop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-flash-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-removable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-sim-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-tape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/media-zip-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/network-server-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/network-wired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-google-nexus-one-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-htc-g1-white-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-palm-pre-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phonelink-delete-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phonelink-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/phonelink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/printer-network-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/printer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/scanner-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/sim-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/smartphone-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/tablet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/tv-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/devices/video-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/emote-love-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-glasses-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-hat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-surprise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/application-x-addon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/extension-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/font-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/image-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/media-optical-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/playlist-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/text-html-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/text-x-systemd-unit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-address-book-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-document-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-documents-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-download-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-music-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-recent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-remote-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-templates-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/folder-videos-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/inode-directory-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/internet-radio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/mail-archive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/mail-folder-inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/mail-folder-outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/mail-inbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/mail-outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/nemo-bookmark-not-found-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/network-server-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/outbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/starred-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/start-here-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/user-desktop-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/user-home-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/places/user-trash-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/account-logged-in-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/airplane-mode-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/alarm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/arch-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/arch-lit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/arch-unknown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/arch-updates-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/arch-uptodate-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-input-microphone-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/avatar-default-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-caution-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-0-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-10-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-100-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-20-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-30-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-40-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-50-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-60-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-70-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-80-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-level-90-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/battery-missing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/blueberry-tray-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bluetooth-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bluetooth-paired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/brightness-display-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/budgie-brightness-controller-1-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/budgie-caffeine-cup-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/budgie-caffeine-cup-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bumblebee-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/bumblebee-inactive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/caffeine-cup-empty-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/caffeine-cup-full-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/call-incoming-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/call-missed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/camera-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/camera-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/caps-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/capslock-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/capslock-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/changes-allow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/channel-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/check-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/check-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/checkbox-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/computer-fail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/contact-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/content-loading-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/dialog-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/dialog-information-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/dialog-password-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/dialog-question-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/display-brightness-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/display-brightness-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/display-brightness-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/display-brightness-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/display-brightness-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/folder-open-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/freon-fan-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/freon-gpu-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/freon-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/freon-voltage-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/globe-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/gser-icon-playing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/gser-icon-stopped-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/gtk-dialog-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/image-loading-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/input-keyboard-capslock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/location-services-active-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/location-services-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mail-important-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mail-read-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mail-replied-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mail-unread-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-one-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-one-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/microphone-sensitivity-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mintupdate-checking.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mpi-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/my-caffeine-off-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/my-caffeine-on-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/mymail-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-cdma-1x-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-secure-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-cellular-umts-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-idle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-transmit-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-vpn-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wired-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/network-wireless-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/night-light-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-0-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-0-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-100-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-100-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-25-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-25-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-50-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-50-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-75-secure-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nm-signal-75-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notification-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notification-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notifications-new-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/notifications-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/num-lock-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/numlock-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/numlock-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nvidia-card-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nvidia-ram-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/nvidia-temp-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-landscape-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-inverse-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/orientation-portrait-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/pager-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-hybrid-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-intel-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/prime-indicator-nvidia-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/printer-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/printer-printing-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/printer-warning-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/process-completed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/process-error-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/process-working-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/radio-checked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/radio-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/screen-shared-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/security-high-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/security-low-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/security-medium-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/sensors-fan-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/sensors-temperature-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/sensors-voltage-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/software-update-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/stopwatch-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/task-due-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/task-past-due-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/temp-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/timer-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/touch-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/touchpad-enabled-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-away-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-busy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-idle-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-invisible-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-offline-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/view-private-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-rtl-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-clear-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-clouds-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-clouds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-cloudy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-fog-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-freezing-rain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-none-available-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-showers-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-snow-rain-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-snow-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-storm-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-tornado-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Tela-yellow-dark/symbolic/status/weather-windy-symbolic.svg tela-yellow-icon-theme
